---
title: Empaquetandolo todo
actions:
  - 'comprobarRespuesta'
  - 'pistas'
material:
  saveZombie: verdadero
  zombieBattle:
    zombie:
      lesson: 1
    humanBattle: falso
    hideSliders: verdadero
    answer: 1
---
¡Eso es, has completado la lección 2!

Ahora puede probar nuestra demostración a la derecha para verlo en acción. Sigue adelante, sé que no puedes esperar hasta el final de esta página 

## Implementación Javascript

Una vez estemos listos para implementar este contrato en Ethereum solamente tendremos que compilar e implementar `ZombieFeeding` — debido a que este contrato es nuestro contrato final que hereda de `ZombieFactory`, y tiene acceso a todos los métodos públicos de ambos contratos.

Vamos a ver un ejemplo de cómo interactuaría nuestro contrato implementado usando Javascript y web3.js:

    var abi = /* abi generated by the compiler */
    var ZombieFeedingContract = web3.eth.contract(abi)
    var contractAddress = /* our contract address on Ethereum after deploying */
    var ZombieFeeding = ZombieFeedingContract.at(contractAddress)
    
    // Assuming we have our zombie's ID and the kitty ID we want to attack
    let zombieId = 1;
    let kittyId = 1;
    
    // To get the CryptoKitty's image, we need to query their web API. This
    // information isn't stored on the blockchain, just their webserver.
    // If everything was stored on a blockchain, we wouldn't have to worry
    // about the server going down, them changing their API, or the company 
    // blocking us from loading their assets if they don't like our zombie game ;)
    let apiUrl = "https://api.cryptokitties.co/kitties/" + kittyId
    $.get(apiUrl, function(data) {
      let imgUrl = data.image_url
      // do something to display the image
    })
    
    // When the user clicks on a kitty:
    $(".kittyImage").click(function(e) {
      // Call our contract's `feedOnKitty` method
      ZombieFeeding.feedOnKitty(zombieId, kittyId)
    })
    
    // Listen for a NewZombie event from our contract so we can display it:
    ZombieFactory.NewZombie(function(error, result) {
      if (error) return
      // This function will display the zombie, like in lesson 1:
      generateZombie(result.zombieId, result.name, result.dna)
    })
    

# Give it a try!

Select the kitty you want to feed on. Your zombie's DNA and the kitty's DNA will combine, and you'll get a new zombie in your army!

Notice those cute cat legs on your new zombie? That's our final `99` digits of DNA at work 

You can start over and try again if you want. When you get a kitty zombie you're happy with (you only get to keep one), go ahead and proceed to the next chapter to complete lesson 2!