---
title: "Contracts"
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
material: 
  editor:
    language: rust
    startingCode:
      "lib.rs": |
        #![no_std]

        multiversx_sc::imports!();
        multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();

        // start here
    answer: |
      #![no_std]

      multiversx_sc::imports!();
      multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();

      #[multiversx_sc::contract]
      pub trait ZombiesContract {
        #[init]
        fn init(&self) {}

        #[upgrade]
        fn upgrade(&self) {}
      }
---


Starting with the absolute basics:

Rust is a multiparadigm  programming language focused on type safety and performance, enabling users to build fast and robust applications. A `contract` is the fundamental building block of MultiversX applications — all variables and functions belong to a contract, and this will be the starting point of all your projects.

An empty contract named `HelloWorld` can be created with **sc-meta** by running `sc-meta new --name hello-world --template empty` from the terminal and the directory structure would look like this:

```
├── meta
├── scenarios
├── src
  ├── lib.rs
├── tests
├── wasm
. Cargo.toml
```
Let's take a look at the content of the `./src/lib.rs`:

```rust
#![no_std]

multiversx_sc::imports!();
  
#[mx_sc::contract]
pub trait HelloWorld {
        #[init]
        fn init(&self) {}

        #[upgrade]
        fn upgrade(&self) {}
}
```

The first line of code `#[multiversx_sc::contract]` is a procedural macro that defines the `HelloWorld` trait as a contract. You will see a pattern of using procedural macros, since these are the ones that take care of optimizing the code you write. Think of them for now as some additional annotations that transform basic Rust elements into smart contract ones.

Every contract has a mandatory function init, marked with `#[init]`. Here should be put all the presets of the contract. Besides the init function, contracts also have an upgrade marked with `#[upgrade]` used to make certain settings when we desire to upgrade a contract.

## Basic syntax

A MultiversX contract starts with `#[no_std]` to avoid importing Rust standard library and bloating smart contract size

The next step is importing the **MultiversX** Rust library, done by calling the macros `multiversx_sc::imports!();` and `multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();`

# Put it to the test

To start creating our Zombie army, let's create a base contract called `ZombiesContract`. If you can't remember the syntax, check out the example above.

1. In the box to the right, create an empty contract called `ZombiesContract`.

When you have finished, select the **Check Answer** button below. If you get stuck, select the **Show me the answer** button.
