---
title: State Variables & Contract Storage
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
material:
  editor:
    language: rust
    startingCode:
      "lib.rs": |
        #![no_std]

        multiversx_sc::imports!();
        multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();

        #[multiversx_sc::contract]
        pub trait ZombiesContract {

          #[init]
          fn init(&self) {
            // set up your storage value here
          }

          #[upgrade]
          fn upgrade(&self) {}

          // write your storage function here
        }      
    answer: |
      #![no_std]

      multiversx_sc::imports!();
      multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();

      #[multiversx_sc::contract]
      pub trait ZombiesContract {

        #[init]
        fn init(&self) {
          self.dna_digits().set(16u8);
        }

        #[upgrade]
        fn upgrade(&self) {}

        #[storage_mapper("dnaDigits")]
        fn dna_digits(&self) -> SingleValueMapper<u8>;
      }
---

Great job! Now that we've got a shell for our contract, let's learn about how Rust deals with variables.

**_State variables_** are permanently stored in contract storage. This means they're written to the MultiversX blockchain. Think of them like writing to an EXPENSIVE database. The **MultiversX** Rust framework provides various storage mappers you can use. Deciding which one to use for every situation is critical for performance.

For this step we will use a `SingleValueMapper`, but feel free to check the documentation https://docs.multiversx.com/developers/developer-reference/storage-mappers/ if curious about other types. 

**Example**:
```rust
#[mx_sc::contract]
pub trait Example {

  #[init]
  fn init(&self) {
    self.my_size().set(100u32);
  }

  #[upgrade]
  fn upgrade(&self) {}

  #[storage_mapper("mySizeStorage")]
  fn my_size(&self) -> SingleValueMapper<u32>;
}
```

In this example contract, we created a storage for a `u32` named `my_size` and than set the value of it to 100. Since we want this to be set when the contract is deployed we will set it up inside our init.

> Note: You can easily cast any number to a type by adding the type to the end of the number. In this case `100u32` is 100 casted as a `u32`.


## Procedural Macros

As you can see, in the example above, we used `#[storage_mapper("mySizeStorage")]` which is something we call a procedural macro. At compile time, this line adds a body to the function that defines its behaviour as a storage mapper. Think of storages as key-value entities where `mySizeStorage` in this example being the key and `100` the value. Storages in the MultiversX framework are actually simple and are defined by a function declaration with the proper procedural macro above it. 

> Note: Storage name can be the same or different from the function name.
> Note: We decided that these storage names should follow the cammel case naming convention.

## Unsigned Integers: `u8`

The `u8` data type is an 8-bit unsigned integer, meaning **its value must be either positive or zero**. 

> Note: You can declare unsigned integer types with more bits — `u16`, `u32`, `u64` etc. In this case, u8 is sufficient as the number of digits of the zombie DNA will always be between 0 and 255 and so will hold in an 8-bit unsigned integer.

There are also a couple integer data types for signed integers such as `i8`, `i16`, `i32`, etc.

# Put it to the test

Our Zombie DNA is going to be determined by a 16-digit number.

Write a storage mapper of type `SingleValueMapper<u32>` named `dna_digits`, and set it equal to `16u8` inside the init function. The upgrade function will remain empty for now.
