---
title: Structs
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
material:
  editor:
    language: rust
    startingCode:
      "lib.rs": |
        #![no_std]

        multiversx_sc::imports!();
        multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();

        // start here

        #[multiversx_sc::contract]
        pub trait ZombiesContract {

          #[init]
          fn init(&self) {
            self.dna_digits().set(16u8);
          }

          #[upgrade]
          fn upgrade(&self) {}

          #[storage_mapper("dnaDigits")]
          fn dna_digits(&self) -> SingleValueMapper<u8>;
        }
    answer: |
      #![no_std]

      multiversx_sc::imports!();
      multiversx_sc::derive_imports!();

      #[type_abi]
      #[derive(NestedEncode, NestedDecode, TopEncode, TopDecode)]
      pub struct Zombie<M: ManagedTypeApi> {
        name: ManagedBuffer<M>,
        dna: u64,
      }

      #[multiversx_sc::contract]
      pub trait ZombiesContract {

        #[init]
        fn init(&self) {
          self.dna_digits().set(16u8);
        }

        #[upgrade]
        fn upgrade(&self) {}

        #[storage_mapper("dnaDigits")]
        fn dna_digits(&self) -> SingleValueMapper<u8>;
      }
---

# Managed types

Many basic Rust types (like String and Vec<T>) are dynamically allocated on the heap. In simple terms, it means the program (in this case, the smart contract) keeps asking for more and more memory from the runtime environment (the VM). For small collections, this doesn't matter much, but for bigger collection, this can become slow and the VM might even stop the contract and mark the execution as failed.

The managed types work by only storing a handle within the contract memory, which is a `u32` index, while the actual payload resides in reserved VM memory. More information about this can be found in **MultiversX**'s documentation https://docs.multiversx.com/developers/best-practices/the-dynamic-allocation-problem/

Since `String` is a problematic type from a memory allocation point of view, ManagedBuffer type was introduced in the MultiversX Rust framework to solve this issue. It can be used something like this: `let greeting = ManagedBuffer::from(b"Hello world!");`

# Structs

Sometimes you need a more complex data type. For this, Rust provides **_structs_**:

```rust
#[type_abi]
#[derive(NestedEncode, NestedDecode, TopEncode, TopDecode)]
struct Person<M: ManagedTypeApi> {
  age: u8;
  name: ManagedBuffer<M>;
}

```

Structs allow you to create more complicated data types that have multiple properties.
You will also notice that our struct contains `<M: ManagedTypeApi>` which is something called generic argument with a restriction. This generic argument `M` is telling us that it is of `ManagedTypeApi` type, a custom type defined in the MultiversX framework used in declaring the data types that don't use memory allocation such as `ManagedBuffer`. Every time a structure, trait or enum contains a datatype such as `ManagedBuffer` or any other managed type, the generic with restriction `<M: ManagedTypeApi>` needs to be added to the declaration of it, and the generic `<M>` to the data type itself. As a consequence, all derived types that use `ManagedTypeApi` will need to have the `#[type_abi]` annotation set beforehead.

This declaration also contains the procedural macro `#[derive(NestedEncode, NestedDecode, TopEncode, TopDecode)]`. You can just take it as it is, since it is just a set of implementations for our stucture type to help with the serialization and deserialization. For now we will just add it to every structure type or enumerator written by smart contract developers. 

> Note that the contract is already aware of managed types, which is why using the generic to indicate it is not required.

# Put it to the test

In our app, we're going to want to create some zombies! And zombies will have multiple properties, so this is a perfect use case for a struct.

1. Create a `struct` named `Zombie`.

2. Our `Zombie` struct will have 2 properties: `name` (a `ManagedBuffer`), and `dna` (a `u64`).
