---
title: The Binance DEX
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    prompt: "$ "
    help:
      You should probably run `tbnbcli dex order  --symbol MAT-2A5_BNB  --side 1 --price 1000000000 --qty 100 --from testKey --chain-id Binance-Chain-Nile --node=data-seed-pre-2-s1.binance.org:80 -t gte`.
    commands:
        "tbnbcli dex order  --symbol MAT-2A5_BNB  --side 1 --price 1000000000 --qty 100 --from testKey --chain-id Binance-Chain-Nile --node=data-seed-pre-2-s1.binance.org:80 -t gte":
          hint: tbnbcli dex order  --symbol MAT-2A5_BNB  --side 1 --price 1000000000 --qty 100 --from testKey --chain-id Binance-Chain-Nile --node=data-seed-pre-2-s1.binance.org:80 -t gte
          output: |
            > Password to sign with 'testKey':
            Committed at block 1616083 (tx hash: C550F348B3A62880062F9DCF67794F08889234D0360B26CF31E68F8D3105C58F, response: {Code:0 Data:[123 34 111 114 100 101 114 95 105 100 34 58 34 56 49 51 69 52 57 51 57 70 49 53 54 55 66 50 49 57 55 48 52 70 70 67 50 65 68 52 68 70 53 56 66 68 69 48 49 48 56 55 57 45 51 48 34 125] Log:Msg 0:  Info: GasWanted:0 GasUsed:0 Tags:[{Key:[97 99 116 105 111 110] Value:[111 114 100 101 114 78 101 119] XXX_NoUnkeyedLiteral:{} XXX_unrecognized:[] XXX_sizecache:0}] Codespace: XXX_NoUnkeyedLiteral:{} XXX_unrecognized:[] XXX_sizecache:0})
            Msg [NewOrderMsg{Sender: 813E4939F1567B219704FFC2AD4DF58BDE010879, Id: 813E4939F1567B219704FFC2AD4DF58BDE010879-30, Symbol: MAT-2A5_BNB] was sent.
---

Ah, you’ve finally come!... I’ve been waiting.

Since the appearance of the new “transfer gateway”, we’ve been waiting for someone coming from the other side of the veil.

Our world is a trader’s world, there’s no fighting or combat, and the exchange is where we settle all our differences. Ah… I see you have absolutely no knowledge of our rules and customs. In that case, let me quickly walk you through them before you make a fool of yourself, or goodness forbids, you might lose all your money.

[You’ve discovered the Binance Dex. Exp +100]

Since you've finally made it this far, allow me to introduce you to the center of the binance chain - the DEX! What kind of place is the DEX? DEX stands for decentralized exchange, but that simple definition is might actually be pretty misleading if your experience with dexes are like most of us. In fact, any exchange can be called a DEX as long as it’s decentralized in some aspects. Most of the popular ones today are powered by smart contracts on Ethereum but have a part or a significant portion of it executing off chain. But let’s back up a bit and talk about the benefits of dexes first and then how the Binance DEX is different from others.

## Counterparty Risk and Who Holds the Money

The most important difference between a DEX and a normal exchange is the idea that funds users deposit are not under the control of the exchange. Meaning, if the exchange operators turns rogue, they can take your money as their own and leave you hold the bags. This is also called the counterparty risk. A decentralized exchange is supposed to have the funds users deposit held by a smart contract in escrow. In other words, a computer program instead of a person is holding the funds. This program should have very strict limitations on when funds can move, especially limits on what the creators can do. The idea is that once audited, the program should be significantly more trustworthy than a human because it won’t go crazy or change its mind. (it could have bugs, or vulnerabilities though).

Before we go on with more, let’s dip our toes wet:

```
tbnbcli dex order  --symbol MAT-2A5_BNB  --side 1 --price 1000000 --qty 1000 --from testKey --chain-id Binance-Chain-Nile --node=data-seed-pre-2-s1.binance.org:80 -t gte
```

This is a new command that lets you place orders. Like the token commands before, all commands that involve the DEX start with “dex”. In this case, it’s “dex order”.

Let's take a quick look at the other parameters:

* `--symbol`: this refers to the trading pair, which is generally composed of TICKER1_TICKER2. In this chapter, we'll be using `MAT-2A5_BNB`.
* `--side`: an order can be either a buy which is “1” or a sell which is “2”. Take extra care here with this as it can  be an easy area to make a mistake.

> For brevity, we're assuming that a trading pair has already been created. If that's not the case, just follow the instructions from this page <a href="https://docs.binance.org/governance.html#submit-a-list-proposal" target=”_blank”>this page</a>.

## Put it to the test

Place an order for MAT-2A5_BNB, buy 100 MAT-2A5 at 10 BNB. Try intuiting the rest of the parameters, you can do it!
