en/12/02.md, before:

---
title: 为英雄建账户
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
        prompt: ">libra% "
        help: |
            You should probably run `account create`.
        commands:
            "account create":
                hint: account create
                multipleResults: 
                    - index: 0
                      address: 771bf474bb2db506e187f0756b464a3e28896efa2516867ea001187d7c174066
                    - index: 1
                      address: 40d92e9800b0a915b8a445033e3c97dfb8fe2ba3e4a3aec96261dccb7955052c
                    - index: 2
                      address: 8deeeaed65f0cd7484a9e4e5ac51fbac548f2f71299a05e000156031ca78fb9f
                    - index: 3
                      address: de73eb3544ba2f06956151488df834a05472762705a4319a7540c098c64912b5
                    - index: 4
                      address: d915fecf32c77eda11cfc68a63a91ea959a7f27edf5282ebe8dc1060c4fbe3fb
                output: |
                    > Creating/retrieving next account from wallet
                    Created/retrieved account #${index} address ${address}

---
由于加密僵尸世界中银行尚不存在，所以你还需要为所有客户(那些想购买设备的英雄)创建帐户。


你可以使用与第一章相同的命令来创建一个新帐户:

```
>libra% account create
```

这个输出对你来说应该很熟悉了：

```
> Creating/retrieving next account from wallet
Created/retrieved account #1 address 771bf474bb2db506e187f0756b464a3e28896efa2516867ea001187d7c174066
```

可以看到新帐户的 *index* 为1。

每创建一个新帐户，index 将增加1。

# 实战演习

创建5个新账户。

完成后，可点击下面的“检查答案”。

## 你知道吗……?

>>>
区块链上的帐户实际上基于公/私钥对。你可以在[维基百科](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography)上了解到更多细节。整个过程完全在你的计算机上完成，无需向网络提交任何数据。一旦创建了密钥对，就可以从中派生出无限个帐户。这个密钥对也称为“钱包”，因为它“持有”从它派生出来的所有帐户。所以一定要确保你的私钥永不上网，否则你的钱就会有风险。如果你熟悉其他区块链，Libra 一样也有“账户创建费”，即只有在支付了费用后，账户才会激活。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/12/02.md, after:

---
title: Make account for Hero
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
        prompt: ">libra% "
        help: |
            You should probably run `account create`.
        commands:
            "account create":
                hint: account create
                multipleResults: 
                    - index: 0
                      address: 771bf474bb2db506e187f0756b464a3e28896efa2516867ea001187d7c174066
                    - index: 1
                      address: 40d92e9800b0a915b8a445033e3c97dfb8fe2ba3e4a3aec96261dccb7955052c
                    - index: 2
                      address: 8deeeaed65f0cd7484a9e4e5ac51fbac548f2f71299a05e000156031ca78fb9f
                    - index: 3
                      address: de73eb3544ba2f06956151488df834a05472762705a4319a7540c098c64912b5
                    - index: 4
                      address: d915fecf32c77eda11cfc68a63a91ea959a7f27edf5282ebe8dc1060c4fbe3fb
                output: |
                    > Creating/retrieving next account from wallet
                    Created/retrieved account #${index} address ${address}

---
Since banks don’t exist yet in the Crypto Zombie world, you’ll also need to create accounts for all your customers, the Heroes who want to buy equipment.  


You can use the same command as in Chapter 1 to create a new account: 

```
>libra% account create
```

The output should now be familar to you:

```
> Creating/retrieving next account from wallet
Created/retrieved account #1 address 771bf474bb2db506e187f0756b464a3e28896efa2516867ea001187d7c174066
```

You can see that the *index* for the new account is 1. 

Every time you create a new account, the index will increase by 1. 

# Put it to the test

Create 5 new accounts. 

When you're finished, click "check answer" below.

## Did you know...?

>>>
Accounts on a blockchain is really based on a public/private key pair. You can read up about this in detail on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography). The whole process is done completely on your computer without submitting any data to internet. Once the keypair is created, you can derive an infinite number of accounts from it. This keypair is also called a "wallet", since it "holds" all the accounts derived from it. So it's really essential to make sure your private key never hits the internet, otherwise all your money may be at risk. For people familiar with other blockchains, Libra also have an "account creation fee", whereby the account only becomes active once the fee is paid.
