en/12/06.md, before:

---
title: 查看事务是否完成
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    prompt: ">libra% "
    help:
      - You should probably run `account list`.
      - You should probably run `query sequence`.
    commands:
        "account list":
            hint: account list
            output: |
                User account index: 0, address: dbbd9db9fe80ce2d1e8c9166bdda2dfc6c2defe25042e11e14958d64604cfd82, sequence number: 0, status: Local
                User account index: 1, address: 771bf474bb2db506e187f0756b464a3e28896efa2516867ea001187d7c174066, sequence number: 1, status: Local
        "query sequence 1":
            hint: query sequence 1
            output: |
                Sequence number is: 1
---

我们可以查询 sequence number，看看它是否已发送给验证者，因为 sequence number 应该会增加1。

两种方式都可以：查询你的帐户状态或查询特定帐户的 sequence number:

```
>libra% account list
```

```
>libra% query sequence  0
```

我们可以使用这个命令来查看 sequence number 是多少。如果一个事务完成，那么 sequence number 应该增加1。

# 确定性和区块链

如果 sequence number 增加了，就意味着我们成功了吗？并不是的，因为事务可能会因为网络不好、没有足够的 gas 或其他错误而丢失，但是即使没有出错，在什么情况下才能放心地说事务确认了呢?

让我们看看 VISA 网络，它有许多参与者，包括支付处理程序和银行网络。事务可能在任何步骤处出现争议，因此需要数天才能完成。有时，事务会在几天后，甚至几个月后出现争议。

在区块链上，确定性并不总是即时的。较早的网络倾向于使用*概率性确定*，这意味着每创建一个块，改变过去的可能性就会降低，因为难度会越来越大。这就是为什么存入比特币或以太坊通常需要等待10、20、50个区块(取决于接收者愿意承担多大的风险)。像 Libra 或我们自己的 Basechain 这样的新网络就有即时确定性，因为它们是投票的结果。

# 实战演习

用以上两种方式来查看英雄账户的 sequence number 是否为1。

完成后，点击下面的“检查答案”。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/12/06.md, after:

---
title: Checking transaction went through
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    prompt: ">libra% "
    help:
      - You should probably run `account list`.
      - You should probably run `query sequence`.
    commands:
        "account list":
            hint: account list
            output: |
                User account index: 0, address: dbbd9db9fe80ce2d1e8c9166bdda2dfc6c2defe25042e11e14958d64604cfd82, sequence number: 0, status: Local
                User account index: 1, address: 771bf474bb2db506e187f0756b464a3e28896efa2516867ea001187d7c174066, sequence number: 1, status: Local
        "query sequence 1":
            hint: query sequence 1
            output: |
                Sequence number is: 1
---

We can query the sequence number to see if it's been sent to the validators, because the sequence number should increase by 1. 

We can do it in two ways: query the state of your accounts or query just the sequence number for a particular account:

```
>libra& account list
```

```
>libra& query sequence  0
```

We can use this command to see what the sequence number is. If a transaction goes through the sequence number should increase by 1.

# Finality and blockchains

If the sequence number has gone up, does it mean we succeeded? No, because the transaction could've got lost due to bad network connection, or not enough gas or other errors, but even if there was no errors, at what point is it safe to say it's confirmed?

Let's look at the VISA network, which has a host of participants, including the payment processors and a network of banks. Transactions can be disputed at any step and thus require days to fully process. And sometimes transactions will be disputed days, if not months after the fact.

Finality is not always instant on a blockchain. Older networks tend to use *Probalistic finality* which means that with each block created, the probability of changing the past decreases because it's much much harder. This is why depositing Bitcoins or Ethereum often requires waiting 10, 20, 50 blocks (depending on how much risk the receiver is willing to accept). Newer networks like Libra or our own Basechain have instant finality because they're the result of a vote.

# Put it to the test

Check that the Hero account has a sequence number of 1 using both methods.

When you're finished, click "check answer" below.
