en/12/07.md, before:

---
title: 查看店主的余额
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `query balance 0`.
    commands:
        "query balance 0":
            hint: query balance 0.
            output: |
                Balance is: 350.000000
---

一旦事务开始处理，我们便可以查看它的状态:

```
>libra% query txn_acc_seq 1 0 true
```

这将导出关于事务的一堆技术细节，包括它的状态:

```
>> Getting committed transaction by account and sequence number
Committed transaction: SignedTransaction { 
 raw_txn: RawTransaction {
        sender: 40d92e9800b0a915b8a445033e3c97dfb8fe2ba3e4a3aec96261dccb7955052c,
        sequence_number: 0,
        payload: {,
                transaction: peer_to_peer_transaction,
                args: [
                        {ADDRESS: 7fc0d913e81a222927406f634b0157dd6a9ad639faad2b280d3555011d761b4f},
                        {U64: 100000000},
                ]
        },
        max_gas_amount: 140000,
        gas_unit_price: 0,
        expiration_time: 1569836020s,
},
 public_key: Ed25519PublicKey(
    PublicKey(CompressedEdwardsY: [73, 175, 171, 78, 17, 239, 54, 117, 117, 145, 33, 237, 107, 58, 189, 31, 58, 137, 81, 105, 252, 26, 133, 
89, 119, 193, 111, 233, 100, 82, 90, 45]), EdwardsPoint{
        X: FieldElement51([309902793287818, 1485124018439498, 634313704607495, 1730304085918062, 1719929927279149]),
        Y: FieldElement51([1951707473620809, 1545519053581990, 1484499216954601, 206350672821812, 797855242426108]),
        Z: FieldElement51([1, 0, 0, 0, 0]),
        T: FieldElement51([87169944716583, 1916378871435050, 1034728963396755, 2048077977546062, 329376871138617])
    }),
),
 signature: Ed25519Signature(
    Signature( R: CompressedEdwardsY: [187, 5, 197, 84, 64, 173, 46, 68, 115, 187, 224, 118, 176, 190, 138, 127, 140, 254, 201, 126, 187, 231, 121, 246, 30, 178, 86, 79, 28, 64, 98, 183], s: Scalar{
        bytes: [144, 82, 207, 139, 15, 235, 72, 118, 85, 160, 13, 207, 44, 248, 244, 31, 32, 168, 13, 88, 15, 89, 169, 240, 52, 233, 231, 172, 45, 46, 170, 9],
    } ),
),
 }
Events:
 ```

这就相当于 Libra 世界里的收据，它能证明你已经付了钱、转了帐。

# 查看余额

好的，现在英雄已经付款给你了，在给他盾牌前，你要先确认下你收到的 LBR 数额对不对。

查看余额，可以用这个示例命令:

```
$ query balance 2
```

这个命令是在查看 index 2 的账户余额。

# 实战演习

检查店主的余额是否为350。（提示：还记得他的 index 是多少吗？）

完成后，点击下面的“检查答案”。如果在某一步卡住了，可以点“提示”。

## 你知道吗……?

>>>
只要知道帐户地址，你就可以查询任何人的余额，因为在区块链上所有数据都是可获取的。余额公开，这一点对于只使用过传统银行的人来说有点反常识。

当你查询一个事务时，显示的单元实际上是 microlibra，它被定义为一个 Libra 的`1/1000000`。正常货币的最小单位通常被称为*Pip*，它是`1/10000`或是 microlibra 的100倍。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/12/07.md, after:

---
title: Checking the Balance of the Shopkeeper
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `query balance 0`.
    commands:
        "query balance 0":
            hint: query balance 0.
            output: |
                Balance is: 350.000000
---

Once the transaction has had time to process, we can check on it's status:

```
>libra% query txn_acc_seq 1 0 true
```

This will spit out a bunch of technical details on the transaction on including it's status:

```
>> Getting committed transaction by account and sequence number
Committed transaction: SignedTransaction { 
 raw_txn: RawTransaction {
        sender: 40d92e9800b0a915b8a445033e3c97dfb8fe2ba3e4a3aec96261dccb7955052c,
        sequence_number: 0,
        payload: {,
                transaction: peer_to_peer_transaction,
                args: [
                        {ADDRESS: 7fc0d913e81a222927406f634b0157dd6a9ad639faad2b280d3555011d761b4f},
                        {U64: 100000000},
                ]
        },
        max_gas_amount: 140000,
        gas_unit_price: 0,
        expiration_time: 1569836020s,
},
 public_key: Ed25519PublicKey(
    PublicKey(CompressedEdwardsY: [73, 175, 171, 78, 17, 239, 54, 117, 117, 145, 33, 237, 107, 58, 189, 31, 58, 137, 81, 105, 252, 26, 133, 
89, 119, 193, 111, 233, 100, 82, 90, 45]), EdwardsPoint{
        X: FieldElement51([309902793287818, 1485124018439498, 634313704607495, 1730304085918062, 1719929927279149]),
        Y: FieldElement51([1951707473620809, 1545519053581990, 1484499216954601, 206350672821812, 797855242426108]),
        Z: FieldElement51([1, 0, 0, 0, 0]),
        T: FieldElement51([87169944716583, 1916378871435050, 1034728963396755, 2048077977546062, 329376871138617])
    }),
),
 signature: Ed25519Signature(
    Signature( R: CompressedEdwardsY: [187, 5, 197, 84, 64, 173, 46, 68, 115, 187, 224, 118, 176, 190, 138, 127, 140, 254, 201, 126, 187, 231, 121, 246, 30, 178, 86, 79, 28, 64, 98, 183], s: Scalar{
        bytes: [144, 82, 207, 139, 15, 235, 72, 118, 85, 160, 13, 207, 44, 248, 244, 31, 32, 168, 13, 88, 15, 89, 169, 240, 52, 233, 231, 172, 45, 46, 170, 9],
    } ),
),
 }
Events:
 ```

This is like a receipt in Libra-world that proves you've paid and transferred the money.

# Checking the Balance

Ok, now that the Hero has paid you, let’s make sure you got the correct amount of LBR before you hand over the Shield.

To check balances, here's an example command:

```
$ query balance 2
```

This command is checking the balance of the account with index 2. 

# Put it to the Test

Check that the Shopkeeper balance is 350. (hint, remember which index he is?)

When you're finished, click "check answer" below. If you get stuck, you can click "hint".

## Did you know...?

>>>
You can query the balance of anyone, as long as you know their account address, since all the data is available on the blockchain. This is different and counter-intutive for someone who only used traditional banks before, no balance is secret. 

When you query a transaction, the unit shown is actually microlibra which is defined as `1/1000000` of a whole Libra. The smallest unit for regular currencies is usually called a *Pip* which is `1/10000` or 100 times larger than a microlibra.
