en/12/08.md, before:

---
title: 自己连接到测试网 (第1部分)
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      - You should probably run `git clone https://github.com/libra/libra.git`.
      - You should probably run `cd libra`.
      - You should probably run `git checkout testnet`.
      - You should probably run `./scripts/dev_setup.sh`.
    commands:
        "git clone https://github.com/libra/libra.git":
            hint: git clone https://github.com/libra/libra.git
            output: |
                Cloning into 'libra'...
                remote: Enumerating objects: 3, done.
                remote: Counting objects: 100% (3/3), done.
                remote: Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
                ^Cceiving objects:   100% (18071/18071), done.
        "cd libra":
            hint: cd libra
            output: 
        "git checkout testnet":
            hint: git checkout testnet
            output: |
                Switched to branch 'testnet'
                Your branch is up to date with 'origin/testnet'.
        "./scripts/dev_setup.sh":
            hint: ./scripts/dev_setup.sh
            output: |
                ➜  libra git:(testnet) ./scripts/dev_setup.sh
                Welcome to Libra!

                This script will download and install the necessary dependencies needed to
                build Libra Core. This includes:
                        * Rust (and the necessary components, e.g. rust-fmt, clippy)
                        * CMake, protobuf

                If you'd prefer to install these dependencies yourself, please exit this script
                now with Ctrl-C.

                Proceed with installing necessary dependencies? (y/N) > y
                Installing Rust......
                info: downloading installer
                info: updating existing rustup installation


                Rust is installed now. Great!
                ....



---

我们已经带你掌握了基本知识，现在你可以在自己的电脑上设置并进行实际尝试了。

首先，确保你使用的是 mac、linux 或带有 WSL 的 windows 电脑。[(如果之前还没装的话，可以看下这个指南。)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10)

# 安装 CLI

首先，我们需要将代码下载到CLI。 先打开终端：
- Mac: 你可以在“应用”文件夹中找到“终端”
- linux: Ctrl + Alt + T 就可以启动“终端“
- WSL: 启动 Ubuntu 应用

打开一个你想让 Libra 在那里运行的文件夹并下载代码：

```
git clone https://github.com/libra/libra.git
```

>>>
注意，每个以 `$` 开头的命令行都表示你在和 Libra 命令交互中。

然后运行以下命令，确保我们们在测试网上：

```
cd libra
git checkout testnet
```

完成后，安装依赖项只需一个命令:

```
./scripts/dev_setup.sh
```

等要求确认时，按 `y` 键，就可以了！


# 实战演习

在这里进行练习并安装 CLI 工具。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/12/08.md, after:

---
title: Connect to the Testnet Yourself (part 1)
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      - You should probably run `git clone https://github.com/libra/libra.git`.
      - You should probably run `cd libra`.
      - You should probably run `git checkout testnet`.
      - You should probably run `./scripts/dev_setup.sh`.
    commands:
        "git clone https://github.com/libra/libra.git":
            hint: git clone https://github.com/libra/libra.git
            output: |
                Cloning into 'libra'...
                remote: Enumerating objects: 3, done.
                remote: Counting objects: 100% (3/3), done.
                remote: Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
                ^Cceiving objects:   100% (18071/18071), done.
        "cd libra":
            hint: cd libra
            output: 
        "git checkout testnet":
            hint: git checkout testnet
            output: |
                Switched to branch 'testnet'
                Your branch is up to date with 'origin/testnet'.
        "./scripts/dev_setup.sh":
            hint: ./scripts/dev_setup.sh
            output: |
                ➜  libra git:(testnet) ./scripts/dev_setup.sh
                Welcome to Libra!

                This script will download and install the necessary dependencies needed to
                build Libra Core. This includes:
                        * Rust (and the necessary components, e.g. rust-fmt, clippy)
                        * CMake, protobuf

                If you'd prefer to install these dependencies yourself, please exit this script
                now with Ctrl-C.

                Proceed with installing necessary dependencies? (y/N) > y
                Installing Rust......
                info: downloading installer
                info: updating existing rustup installation


                Rust is installed now. Great!
                ....



---

Now that we've walked you through the basics, it's time to set this up on your own computer and try it for real. 

The first is to make sure you're on a mac, linux, or a windows computer with WSL. [(Here's a guide if you haven't done this before.)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10). 

# Installing the CLI

First we need to download the code to the CLI. First open the Terminal:
- On a Mac: You can find the Terminal app in the Applications folder
- On linux: Ctrl + Alt + T will launch the Terminal
- On WSL: Launch the Ubuntu app

Navigate to a folder where you want Libra to go and download the code:

```
git clone https://github.com/libra/libra.git
```

>>>
Notice each line starts with `$` which indicates your in the shell prompt.

Then we make sure we're on the testnet by running:

```
cd libra
git checkout testnet
```

Once done, installing the dependencies is just one command away:

```
./scripts/dev_setup.sh
```

Press `y` when asked to confirm, and you're done!


# Put it to the Test

Do a practice run here and install the CLI tool.
