en/12/09.md, before:

---
title:  自己连接到测试网 (第2部分)
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `./scripts/cli/start_cli_testnet.sh`.
    commands:
        "./scripts/cli/start_cli_testnet.sh":
            hint: ./scripts/cli/start_cli_testnet.sh
            output: |
                Connected to validator at: ac.testnet.libra.org:8000
                usage: <command> <args>

                Use the following commands:

                account | a
                        Account operations
                query | q
                        Query operations
                transfer | transferb | t | tb
                        <sender_account_address>|<sender_account_ref_id> <receiver_account_address>|<receiver_account_ref_id> <number_of_coins> [gas_unit_price_in_micro_libras (default=0)] [max_gas_amount_in_micro_libras (default 140000)] Suffix 'b' is for blocking.
                        Transfer coins (in libra) from account to another.
                help | h
                        Prints this help
                quit | q!
                        Exit this client


                Please, input commands:

---

安装过程完成后，因为有很多东西需要装，所以会花一段时间，不用担心。可以用这个命令连接到 CLI:

```
./scripts/cli/start_cli_testnet.sh
```

它可以进行更多这样的安装：
```
Building and running client in debug mode.
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/calibra/curve25519-dalek.git`
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/calibra/ed25519-dalek.git`
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/calibra/x25519-dalek.git`
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/calibra/rust-curve25519-fiat.git`
  Downloaded reqwest v0.9.19
  Downloaded serde v1.0.99
  Downloaded typed-arena v1.5.0
  ....
```

完成构建后，就一切就绪了！你会看到：

```
Connected to validator at: ac.testnet.libra.org:8000
usage: <command> <args>

Use the following commands:

account | a
        Account operations
query | q
        Query operations
transfer | transferb | t | tb
        <sender_account_address>|<sender_account_ref_id> <receiver_account_address>|<receiver_account_ref_id> <number_of_coins> [gas_unit_price_in_micro_libras (default=0)] [max_gas_amount_in_micro_libras (default 140000)] Suffix 'b' is for blocking.
        Transfer coins (in libra) from account to another.
help | h
        Prints this help
quit | q!
        Exit this client


Please, input commands:

```

所有的命令现在对你来说应该都很熟悉了，如果你想要回顾下，可以点击屏幕左下角的小汉堡包按钮回到第一章，你可以在真实测试网上再次运行所有的命令来进行复习。我在这里等你哦。

完了吗？还有一点要注意，当你启动这个工具时，它会说`Connected to validator at: ac.testnet.libra.org:8000`。

实际的服务器是由验证者运行的，这些服务器检查每个事务以确保它们是有效的（照第4章中解释的那样使用你的公钥），然后将它们推入到区块链中。

区块链有多个验证者，它们通过一个共识机制来保证彼此诚实，该机制通常包括对欺骗行为的经济惩罚。在 Libra 中，会有100个验证者。因为验证者数量多，所以达成共识需要一定的时间，预期确定时间为10秒左右。你可以通过将一些事务转移到第2层解决方案来获得更快的性能、实现高级使用，当然，这不是本节课的重点，以后我们会安排课程来专门讲解。

# 实战演习

运行 CLI！然后再次运行第1章到第7章的所有命令。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/12/09.md, after:

---
title:  Connect to the Testnet Yourself (part 2)
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `./scripts/cli/start_cli_testnet.sh`.
    commands:
        "./scripts/cli/start_cli_testnet.sh":
            hint: ./scripts/cli/start_cli_testnet.sh
            output: |
                Connected to validator at: ac.testnet.libra.org:8000
                usage: <command> <args>

                Use the following commands:

                account | a
                        Account operations
                query | q
                        Query operations
                transfer | transferb | t | tb
                        <sender_account_address>|<sender_account_ref_id> <receiver_account_address>|<receiver_account_ref_id> <number_of_coins> [gas_unit_price_in_micro_libras (default=0)] [max_gas_amount_in_micro_libras (default 140000)] Suffix 'b' is for blocking.
                        Transfer coins (in libra) from account to another.
                help | h
                        Prints this help
                quit | q!
                        Exit this client


                Please, input commands:

---

Once the install process is finished, and don't worry if it takes a while, there's a lot to install. You can connect to the CLI with this command:

```
./scripts/cli/start_cli_testnet.sh
```

It should do even more installs like this:
```
Building and running client in debug mode.
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/calibra/curve25519-dalek.git`
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/calibra/ed25519-dalek.git`
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/calibra/x25519-dalek.git`
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/calibra/rust-curve25519-fiat.git`
  Downloaded reqwest v0.9.19
  Downloaded serde v1.0.99
  Downloaded typed-arena v1.5.0
  ....
```

Once it's finished building, you're finally ready! You should be greeted with this:

```
Connected to validator at: ac.testnet.libra.org:8000
usage: <command> <args>

Use the following commands:

account | a
        Account operations
query | q
        Query operations
transfer | transferb | t | tb
        <sender_account_address>|<sender_account_ref_id> <receiver_account_address>|<receiver_account_ref_id> <number_of_coins> [gas_unit_price_in_micro_libras (default=0)] [max_gas_amount_in_micro_libras (default 140000)] Suffix 'b' is for blocking.
        Transfer coins (in libra) from account to another.
help | h
        Prints this help
quit | q!
        Exit this client


Please, input commands:

```

All the commands should be pretty familar to you now, if you want, click the little hamburger button on the bottom left screen and go back to chapter 1,you can redo all the commands on the real testnet for a review. I'll wait for you here while you do that. 

All done? There's just one more thing to cover. Notice when you start the tool, it says `Connected to validator at: ac.testnet.libra.org:8000`.

Validators are the organizations that run the actual servers that check each transaction to make sure they're valid (using your public key as explained in Chapter 4) and then enter them into the blockchain.

Blockchains have multiple validators who keep each other honest through a consensus mechanism, which typically includes financial penalties for cheating. In Libra, there will be 100 validators. Because of this large amount of validators, there is some amount of time required to achieve consensus with a target of 10 second finality time. You can get faster performance by offloading some transactions to a layer 2 solution for really advanced usage, but that's a lesson for another day. 

# Put it to the Test

Start the CLI! And then redo the commands from chapter 1 until 7.
