---
title: Getting Started
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: sol
    startingCode:
      "contracts/test/Royalties.t.sol": |

        pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

        // Start here

    answer: |

      pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

      import "forge-std/Test.sol";

      contract RoyaltiesTest is Test {
      }
---

In this chapter, we introduce you to the illustrious companion of Foundry - Forge! Forge is a powerful command-line tool designed to serve as your test companion, guiding you through the world of smart contract testing.

Everything you need to know to start using Forge is right below.

- With Forge, all tests are written in Solidity. If a test function reverts, the test is considered a failure; otherwise, it passes.
- Any contract with a function starting with 'test' is recognized as a test. However, it is recommended to follow best practices by placing test files in the `./contracts/test` directory and ensuring each file name ends with `.t.sol`.
- The recommended approach for writing tests with Forge is to utilize the Forge Standard Library's Test contract (`forge-std/Test.sol`).

Now that you've grasped the basic features of Forge, let's look at how you can use it to test your smart contract!

The first thing you must do is import the `forge-std/Test.sol` contract. If you don't recall from the previous lesson, the syntax for using the `import` statement is as follows:

```sol
import "MyAwesomeContract.sol";
```

Next, you must use the `is` keyword to indicate that your smart contract inherits from `Test`, as shown in the example below:

```sol
contract MyAwesomeContractTest is Test {
}
```

To help you get started, we went ahead and created a file named `Royalties.t.sol` in the tab to the right, and now it's time to unleash your coding powers!

## Putting it to the Test

1. Import the `forge-std/Test.sol` smart contract.
2. Declare a new smart contract named `RoyaltiesTest` that inherits from `Test`.
