---
title: Classes and Inheritance
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: cs
    startingCode:
      "nns-client.cs": |

        using Neo.SmartContract.Framework;
        using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Attributes;
        using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Native;
        using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Services;
        using System;
        using System.ComponentModel;
        using System.Numerics;

        namespace Neo.SmartContract.CryptoZombies
        {
            [DisplayName("TestNNS")]
            [ManifestExtra("Author", "CryptoZombies")]
            [ManifestExtra("Email", "hello@cryptozombies.io")]
            [ManifestExtra("Description", "This is a a client for invoking NNS")]
            [ContractPermission("*", "*")]

            // Start here
        }


    answer: |

      using Neo.SmartContract.Framework;
      using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Attributes;
      using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Native;
      using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Services;
      using System;
      using System.ComponentModel;
      using System.Numerics;

      namespace Neo.SmartContract.CryptoZombies
      {
          [DisplayName("TestNNS")]
          [ManifestExtra("Author", "CryptoZombies")]
          [ManifestExtra("Email", "hello@cryptozombies.io")]
          [ManifestExtra("Description", "This is a a client for invoking NNS")]
          [ContractPermission("*", "*")]
          public class NNSClient : Framework.SmartContract
          {
          }
      }
---

This first part of the course is designed to provide you with the knowledge and skills to effectively interact with the Neo Name Service (NNS) using the C# programming language.

C# is a versatile and powerful programming language known for its simplicity, strong typing, and extensive framework support. Furthermore, C# is a good choice for writing smart contracts in Neo for several reasons:

- **Familiarity**: C# is widely used and has a large developer community. Many developers are already familiar with C# syntax, concepts, and tools, making it easier to transition into smart contract development in Neo.
- **Neo Smart Contract Framework:** Neo provides a comprehensive smart contract framework for C# that offers libraries, abstractions, and utilities specifically tailored for Neo smart contract development.
- **Safety and Reliability**: C#'s strong typing and static analysis catch many potential errors at compile-time, reducing the risk of runtime issues. Additionally, C#'s memory management through garbage collection helps avoid common memory-related pitfalls.
- **Ecosystem and Tooling** : C# benefits from the extensive ecosystem of libraries, frameworks, and tools provided by the .NET ecosystem. Developers can leverage existing libraries, testing frameworks, and development environments to streamline their smart contract development process.

To help you get started, we've filled in some boilerplate code in the tab to the right. Things to note about this code:

- The `using` directives include namespaces in a C# program, providing access to the types and functionality defined within those namespaces. Let's break down each line:
  - `Neo.SmartContract.Framework` - Contains classes and types related to developing smart contracts on the Neo blockchain. It provides various functionalities and APIs specific to Neo smart contract development.
  - `Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Attributes` - Includes attributes that can be applied to methods, properties, or classes in NEO smart contracts. These attributes provide additional information and behaviors for the contract methods during compilation and execution.
  - `Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Native` - Contains classes and types related to interacting with native Neo contracts and assets. It provides access to functionalities specific to Neo's built-in contracts, such as the GAS and NEO tokens.
  - `Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Services` - Provides classes and types for accessing various services and features of the Neo blockchain platform. It includes functionality related to storage, transactions, execution, and other blockchain-specific operations.
  - `System` -  provides fundamental types, classes, and functionality that are commonly used in C# programs like `Object`, `String`, `BigInteger`.
  - `System.ComponentModel` - contains types and functionality related to component-based programming and design patterns. It includes attributes and interfaces used for data binding, event handling, and other component-related operations.
  - `System.Numerics` - provides types and operations for working with arbitrary-precision numeric values. It includes the `BigInteger` class, which allows manipulation of large integer values exceeding the range of built-in numeric types.
-  The `namespace` keyword is used in C# to declare a namespace, which is a way to organize and group related code elements (such as classes, interfaces, and other types) into a named scope. Namespaces help prevent naming conflicts and provide better code organization and modularity. We've created a new sub-namespace named `CryptoZombies` within the `Neo.SmartContract` namespace.
- We've defined a set of attributes that provide metadata or additional information about the code. We won't break down each of them, but the `[ContractPermission]` attribute requires your attention because it specifies permissions for the smart contract. In this case, the wildcard character "*" is used for both the `ContractHash` and `Methods` parameters, indicating that the contract has permission to call any other contract and invoke any method. In other words, this attribute grants the contract unrestricted access to interact with other contracts on the blockchain.

## Classes: Building Structured and Reusable Smart Contracts

A class is a fundamental programming construct used to define the structure, behavior, and functionality of objects within a smart contract. A class serves as a blueprint or template for creating objects (instances) that possess similar characteristics and behaviors.

In Neo, classes are defined using object-oriented programming (OOP) principles. They encapsulate data and methods that operate on that data. The combination of data and methods within a class allows for the organization and abstraction of code, promoting modularity, reusability, and maintainability.

The following example code creates a class named `HelloWorldContract` that encapsulates data (the `message` field) and behavior (the `GetMessage()` method) within a single unit:

```cs
public class HelloWorldContract : Framework.SmartContract
{
    private static string message = "Hello, World!";

    public static string GetMessage()
    {
        return message;
    }
}
```

Note the following about this example:

- The `public` keyword is the access modifier, indicating that the class is accessible from outside of its containing scope. We'll get into more details on this in the next chapter.
- The `:` (colon) denotes inheritance, indicating that the class inherits from the `Framework.SmartContract` class.

What is inheritance, you ask?

Inheritance in Neo is like family ties on the blockchain! Just like how you might inherit your dad's charming good looks or your grandma's secret recipe for the best pancakes, in Neo, inheritance allows one smart contract to inherit the characteristics and functionalities of another. It's like passing down code superpowers from one generation to the next! So, imagine your smart contract is a proud descendant of a powerful ancestor. It gets all the cool methods, properties, and even the occasional bad joke from its parent contract. It's like family, but with code! Inheritance in Neo is the blockchain's way of saying, "Hey, you deserve all the awesomeness from your smart contract ancestors."
## Putting it to the Test

1. Declare a `public` class named `NNSClient` that inherits from `Framework.SmartContract`
