---
title: Persisting data on the blockchain
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: cs
    startingCode:
      "nns-client.cs": |

        using Neo.SmartContract.Framework;
        using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Attributes;
        using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Native;
        using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Services;
        using System;
        using System.ComponentModel;
        using System.Numerics;

        namespace Neo.SmartContract.CryptoZombies
        {
          [DisplayName("TestNNS")]
          [ManifestExtra("Author", "CryptoZombies")]
          [ManifestExtra("Email", "hello@cryptozombies.io")]
          [ManifestExtra("Description", "This is a a client for invoking NNS")]
          [ContractPermission("*", "*")]

          public class NNSClient : Framework.SmartContract
          {
            // Start here
          }
        }

    answer: |

      using Neo.SmartContract.Framework;
      using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Attributes;
      using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Native;
      using Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Services;
      using System;
      using System.ComponentModel;
      using System.Numerics;

      namespace Neo.SmartContract.CryptoZombies
      {
        [DisplayName("TestNNS")]
        [ManifestExtra("Author", "CryptoZombies")]
        [ManifestExtra("Email", "hello@cryptozombies.io")]
        [ManifestExtra("Description", "This is a a client for invoking NNS")]
        [ContractPermission("*", "*")]

        public class NNSClient : Framework.SmartContract
        {
          private const byte Prefix_Contract = 0x02;
          public static readonly StorageMap ContractMap = new(Storage.CurrentContext, Prefix_Contract);
        }
      }

---

In this lesson, we will explore one of the fundamental aspects of Neo smart contract development: storing and retrieving data in a persistent manner.

Neo comes with a built-in class named `StorageMap` provided by the `Neo.SmartContract.Framework.Services` namespace that serves as an interface to interact with the contract's storage. With `StorageMap`, you can store and retrieve key-value pairs, allowing your smart contracts to maintain state and store information on the blockchain.

To initialize a `StorageMap` object, you must provide two parameters:

- `Storage.CurrentContext`: This represents the current storage context of the smart contract. It provides access to the persistent storage associated with the contract.
- Prefix value: The second parameter is an optional prefix value that helps categorize and organize the data stored in the `StorageMap`. The prefix can be any byte value or a constant defined in the contract.

A very basic example of storage contract initialization would look something like this:

```cs
StorageMap ContractMap = new(Storage.CurrentContext, Prefix_Contract);
```
## Visibility and Security: The Role of Access Modifiers

Access modifiers are keywords that determine the visibility and accessibility of members (fields, methods, properties) within a smart contract. They specify who can access and interact with a particular member. Neo supports the following access modifiers:

- `public`: A public member can be accessed and called from anywhere within the smart contract or from external contracts. It has the widest scope of accessibility.
- `private`: A private member is accessible only within the scope of the class or contract in which it is declared. It cannot be accessed or called from external contracts or other classes.
- `protected`: A protected member is accessible within the class and its derived classes (subclasses). It is not accessible outside the class hierarchy.
- `internal`: An internal member is accessible within the same contract or within the same assembly (smart contract file). It is not accessible from external contracts or assemblies.
- `protected internal`: This modifier combines the accessibility of protected and internal. The member can be accessed within the same contract, same assembly, and derived classes.


##  Immutable Fields for Data Integrity

To declare a field (variable) that can only be assigned a value during initialization and cannot be modified thereafter, you can use the `readonly` keyword. Once a `readonly` field is assigned a value, it remains constant throughout the execution of the contract.

The following example code stores the name of the contract as a constant value, which cannot be modified after initialization:

```cs
private static readonly string ContractName = "MyContract";
```

## Putting it to the Test

We would want to declare our `StorageMap` as `public` and also its value should be shared across all instances of the class.

1. Declare a `private constant` field named `Prefix_Contract` of type `byte` and assign it the value `0x02`.

2. Declare a `public static readonly` field named `ContractMap` of type `StorageMap`. Use the `new` keyword to call its constructor with two arguments: `Storage.CurrentContext` and `Prefix_Contract`.

> The constructor is a special method that is executed when the contract is deployed to the blockchain. To call a constructor in Neo, you use the `new` keyword followed by the class name and the arguments required by the constructor. Here's an example of a constructor that takes two arguments:

```cs
public class Person : SmartContract
{
    private readonly string name;
    private readonly int age;

    public Person(string personName, int personAge)
    {
        name = personName;
        age = personAge;
    }
}
```
