---
title: Managing Your Private Keys
actions:
  - 'checkAnswer'
  - 'hints'
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    prompt: "$"
    help: You should probably run `bnbcli keys add testKey --recover` followed by `bnbcli keys list`.
    commands:
      "bnbcli keys add testKey --recover":
        hint: bnbcli keys add testKey --recover
        output: |
          > Enter a passphrase for your key:
          Repeat the passphrase:
          Enter your recovery seed phrase:
          NAME: TYPE: ADDRESS:            PUBKEY:
          testKey local tbnb178zcz9nhuufdtk7esy22rel5k8zpsvqelr596w bnbp1addwnpepqt53muv8mf3j8r8sdkds7wsuvj0hamnq8argu4je4usjrzntewekxhuqw4y
      "bnbcli keys list":
        hint: bnbcli keys add testKey --recover
        output: |
          > NAME: TYPE: ADDRESS:            PUBKEY:
          testKey local tbnb178zcz9nhuufdtk7esy22rel5k8zpsvqelr596w bnbp1addwnpepqt53muv8mf3j8r8sdkds7wsuvj0hamnq8argu4je4usjrzntewekxhuqw4y
---

 Now that we've cloned the `node-binary`, our directory structure looks like this:

```
├── cli
  ├── prod
    ├── 0.6.2
      ├── linux
        ├── tbnbcli
      ├── mac
        ├── tbnbcli
      ├── windows
        ├── tbnbcli
  // truncated for brevity
  ├── testnet
    ├── 0.6.2
      ├── linux
        ├── tbnbcli
      ├── mac
        ├── tbnbcli
      ├── windows
        ├── tbnbcli
  // truncated for brevity
.README.md
```

Say we're running on a Mac and want to interact with the Binance Testnet. If so, we must invoke the client using something like this:

```
cli/testnet/0.6.2/mac/tbnbcli
```

Yeah, not very intuitive. To make things easier, we would want to create an `alias` by entering the following command:

```bash
alias bnbcli=cli/testnet/0.6.2/mac/tbnbcli
```

This way, every time we want to run the client, we'll just type `bnbcli`.

Pretty sweet, isn't it?🤓

Let's move forward.

## Managing Your Private Keys

As with Ethereum and probably any other blockchain, the Binance chain uses a private key to make sure that you signed a specific transaction. As long as no one else knows your private key, there's no risk that someone could submit a fake transaction on your behalf.

The Binance CLI lets you manage your private key via the `keys` subcommand.

In this chapter, we will be using the Binance CLI to import wallet A locally. Then, we'll list our keys, just to make sure everything went well.

### Importing with a Mnemonic Phrase

To import wallet A, the Binance CLI will ask you to enter the mnemonic. Remember we've asked you to store your mnemonics somewhere safe. Now it's time to use it.

To add new key by recovering from a mnemonic we'll have to run the `bnbcli keys add` command and pass it the following:

* the name of the key
* the `--recover` flag

```bash
bnbcli keys add <KEY-NAME> --recover
```

### Listing Our Keys

Now we're going to want to make sure that our key was successfully imported. This is as simple as entering the following command:

```bash
bnbcli keys list
```

That's enough theory! Time to get your hands dirty.

### Put it to the test

1. Write a script that moves a BEP-2 token between the Binance chain, Loom, and Ethereum. Lighten up, I'm just joking😉. We'll show you how to do that in later lessons though. But, before we get there, let's just add a key called `testKey`. Don't forget the `--recover` flag!


At this point, you will be asked to type your password and then to enter your recovery seed phrase:

```bash
Enter a passphrase for your key:
Repeat the passphrase:
> Enter your recovery seed phrase:
```

First, you will be required to type a passphrase to protect your key. Then, you'll have to enter your recovery seed phrase. Our command-line interpreter is pretty basic, so we'll just have to skip this part. Just keep in mind that the recovery seed phrase is just the mnemonic phrase.

2. In the box to the right, type the command that lists your keys.

