---
title: Checking Accounts
actions:
  - 'checkAnswer'
  - 'hints'
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    prompt: ">libra%"
    help: You should probably run `account list`.
    commands:
      "account list":
        hint: You should probably run `account list`.
        output: |
          >User account index: 0, address: dbbd9db9fe80ce2d1e8c9166bdda2dfc6c2defe25042e11e14958d64604cfd82, sequence number: 0, status: Local
          User account index: 1, address: 771bf474bb2db506e187f0756b464a3e28896efa2516867ea001187d7c174066, sequence number: 0, status: Local
---

A Hero has come into your shop and wants to buy a new Sword and Shield.

You have to give him an account. Since he’s your first customer, you’ve decided to give him the account with index 1 (you’re keeping the account with index 0 for yourself).

But you’re getting a bit old and you’ve forgotten what the hex string is.

Fortunately, there’s a command to pull up a list of all the accounts, their index number and their hex string

```
libra% account list
```

The output will look like:
```

>User account index: 0, address: 3ed8e5fafae4147b2a105a0be2f81972883441cfaaadf93fc0868e7a0253c4a8, sequence number: 0
User account index: 1, address: 8337aac709a41fe6be03cad8878a0d4209740b1608f8a81566c9a7d4b95a2ec7, sequence number: 0

```

# The Sequence Number

But hang on, there’s a new piece of information here: the **_sequence number_**.

You’re familiar with the account index and address. But what is the sequence number, you ask?

The sequence number is the amount of transactions sent by that account.

The sequence number is a security measure - transactions take time to be processed in a blockchain.

Imagine a malicious customer (a Villain) only has 10 LBR in his account. The Villain could send 10 LBR to your shop and to another shop at the same time. Without a sequence number, the Libra blockchain could in theory process both transactions at the same time, even though the Villain doesn’t have 20 LBR.

Fortunately, with a sequence number, the Libra blockchain will reject two transactions with the same sequence number. The customer will need to send transactions in sequence and the second one will be rejected due to lack of funds. And so the Villain cannot spend more than he has.

# Put it to the test.

Check to see a list of accounts.

When you're finished, click "check answer" below. If you get stuck, you can click "hint".
