---
title: Paying for Item
actions:
  - 'checkAnswer'
  - 'hints'
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    prompt: ">libra%"
    help: You should probably run `transfer 1 0 50`.
    commands:
      "transfer 1 0 50":
        hint: transfer 1 0 50.
        output: |
          Transaction submitted to validator

          50 LBR transfered
---

Great! You’ve now created accounts for both the Shopkeeper and the Hero.

And you’ve added some LBR to both accounts as well.

The Hero is looking around your shop and spots a Shield he wants to buy.

This Shield costs 75 LBR, but after some haggling you agree to sell it for 50 LBR.

The Hero doesn’t know yet how to use his account to send you LBR, so we need to teach him.

Here’s an example of a transaction:

```
>libra% transfer 1 0 10
```

The first word (technically called an argument) is the index of the sender (`1`). You can also use the reference ID instead of the index, which would be that long hex string shown earlier.

The second argument is the index of the receiver (`0`), again we can use the reference ID instead as well.

The third argument is the amount of LBR to be sent (`10`).

So in this example, the account with index 1 is sending the account with index 0 an amount equal to 10 LBR.

# Gas, what is it and who pays?

On Libra, there's a transaction fee every time a transaction happens. This is paid in units of *gas*. Every time you send a transaction, you can set a desired price per each gas, and a maximum amount of gas you're willing to pay for. The validators will prioritize higher gas transactions and send those along faster.

On the testnet, this doesn't matter. But on mainnet, you can avoid paying excessive gas by using a layer 2 solution that's gas-free like our very own Basechain.

# Put it to the test

Send `50 LBR` from the Hero account to the Shop Owner account.

When you're finished, click "check answer" below.

