---
title: The First Test- Creating a New Zombie
actions:
  - 'checkAnswer'
  - 'hints'
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: javascript
    startingCode:
      "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
        const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
        contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
        //1. initialize `alice` and `bob`
        it("should be able to create a new zombie", () => { //2 & 3. Replace the first parameter and make the callback async
        })
        })
    answer: >
      const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
      contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => { let [alice, bob] = accounts; it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => { }) })
---

Before deploying to **Ethereum**, it is best to test your smart contracts locally.

You can do so by using a tool called <a href="https://truffleframework.com/ganache" target=_blank>Ganache</a>, which sets up a local **Ethereum** network.

Every time _Ganache_ starts, it creates 10 test accounts and gives them 100 Ethers to make testing easier. Since _Ganache_ and _Truffle_ are tightly integrated we can access these accounts through the `accounts` array we've mentioned in the previous chapter.

But using `accounts[0]` and `accounts[1]` would not make our tests read well, right?

To aid comprehension, we'd like to use two placeholder names- Alice and Bob. So, inside the `contract()` function, let's initialize them like so:

```javascript
let [alice, bob] = accounts;
```
> Note: Forgive the poor grammar. In _JavaScript_, the convention is to use lowercase for variable names.

Why Alice and Bob? There is a big tradition that makes Alice and Bob or "A and B" common names used in cryptography, physics, programming, and more. It's a short but interesting history, and well worth a
<a href="http://cryptocouple.com/" target=_blank>read</a> after you complete this lesson.

Now let's move on to our first test.

## Creating a New Zombie

Say Alice wants to play our awesome game. If so, the first thing she would want to do is to **create her own zombie 🧟**. To do that, the front-end  (or _Truffle_ in our case) would have to call the `createRandomZombie` function.
> Note: As a review, here is the _Solidity_ code in our contract:

 ```sol
 function createRandomZombie(string _name) public {
   require(ownerZombieCount[msg.sender] == 0);
   uint randDna = _generateRandomDna(_name);
   randDna = randDna - randDna % 100;
   _createZombie(_name, randDna);
 }
 ```

We begin by testing this function.

# Put it to the test

1.  The first line of the `contract()` function should declare two variables named `alice`  and `bob` and initialize them as shown above.

2. Next, we would want to properly call the `it()` function. The second parameter (a `callback` function) is going to "talk" to the blockchain, which means that the function is asynchronous. Just prepend the `async` keyword. This way, every time this function gets called with the `await` keyword, our test waits for it to return.

> Explaining how promises work is out of the scope of this lesson. Once you've finished this lesson, feel free check out the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise" target=_blank>official documentation</a> to further your knowledge.
