---
title:  Create a new zkSync account
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: false
material:
  editor:
    language: JavaScript
    startingCode:
      "src/utils.js": |
        async function getZkSyncProvider (zksync, networkName) {
          let zkSyncProvider
          try {
            zkSyncProvider = await zksync.getDefaultProvider(networkName)
          } catch (error) {
            console.log('Unable to connect to zkSync.')
            console.log(error)
          }
          return zkSyncProvider
        }

        async function getEthereumProvider (ethers, networkName) {
          let ethersProvider
          try {
            // eslint-disable-next-line new-cap
            ethersProvider = new ethers.getDefaultProvider(networkName)
          } catch (error) {
            console.log('Could not connect to Ethereum')
            console.log(error)
          }
          return ethersProvider
        }

        // Start here

    answer: |
      async function getZkSyncProvider (zksync, networkName) {
        let zkSyncProvider
        try {
          zkSyncProvider = await zksync.getDefaultProvider(networkName)
        } catch (error) {
          console.log('Unable to connect to zkSync.')
          console.log(error)
        }
        return zkSyncProvider
      }

      async function getEthereumProvider (ethers, networkName) {
        let ethersProvider
        try {
          // eslint-disable-next-line new-cap
          ethersProvider = new ethers.getDefaultProvider(networkName)
        } catch (error) {
          console.log('Could not connect to Ethereum')
          console.log(error)
        }
        return ethersProvider
      }

      async function initAccount (rinkebyWallet, zkSyncProvider, zksync) {
        const zkSyncWallet = await zksync.Wallet.fromEthSigner(rinkebyWallet, zkSyncProvider)
        return zkSyncWallet
      }
---

Previously you created a provider that allows your application to communicate with zkSync. Similarly, you should now create a provider that'll help your application to communicate with Ethereum.

Am I getting too repetitive here?🤓

Yeah, and so does the code. Thus, we went ahead and created a function called `getEthereumProvider`, and placed it just below the `getZkSyncProvider` function. Give it a read through. Then, let's focus on what lies ahead.

## Accounts

The Ethereum blockchain is made up of **_accounts_**, which you can think of like bank accounts. An account has a balance of **_Ether_** (the currency used on the Ethereum blockchain), and you can send and receive Ether payments to other accounts, just like your bank account can wire transfer money to other bank accounts.

Each account has an `address`, which you can think of like a bank account number. It's a unique identifier that points to that account, and it looks like this:

`0x0cE446255506E92DF41614C46F1d6df9Cc969183`

We're not going to get into the nitty-gritty of addresses, but for now, you only need to understand that **an address is owned by a specific user** (or a smart contract) and that the users prove their identity using something called **private keys**.

## Private keys and wallets

Ethereum uses a public/private key pair to digitally sign transactions. Any transaction you send must be signed by the private key associated with your account, and the public key can be derived from the signature and matched against your account to ensure no one can forge a transaction from your account.

Cryptography is complicated, so unless you're a cryptographer you should use battle-tested and well-reviewed cryptographic libraries instead of writing your own.

And because this your lucky day, you don't have to. Both `zkSync` and `ethers` provide a class called `Wallet` that manages users' key pairs and signs blockchain transactions.

We'll be covering how you can create an Ethereum wallet a bit later down the road. In this lesson, we'll walk you through how you can instantiate a zkSync wallet.

## Instantiate a zkSync wallet

Every zkSync wallet has an Ethereum address associated with it, and the user that owns an Ethereum account owns the corresponding zkSync account.

The `zksync.Wallet` wallet class wraps `ethers.Signer` and `zksync.Signer`, allowing you to use it for transferring assets between chains (which requires you to sign transactions on Ethereum) and also for transferring assets between zkSync accounts (which requires you to sign transactions on zkSync). Sweet!

To instantiate a zkSync wallet, you must call the `zksync.Wallet.fromEthSigner` function passing it the following parameters:

* An instance of the `ethers.Wallet` class (we're going to instantiate this later in this lesson).
* Your zkSync provider

## Put it to the test

1. Declare an `async` function called `initAccount`. It takes three parameters: `rinkebyWallet`, `zkSyncProvider`, and `zksync`.

2. Declare a `const` named `zkSyncWallet`, and set it equal to `zksync.Wallet.fromEthSigner(rinkebyWallet, zkSyncProvider)`. This is an `async` function, meaning that it returns a promise. Don't forget to prepend the `await` keyword!

3. Before we conclude, let's just add a new line that calls `return zkSyncWallet`.
