---
title: Introduction
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `mkdir CryptoZombies-TRON && cd CryptoZombies-TRON` followed by `npm install -g tronbox` and `npm install tronweb`.
    commands:
        "mkdir CryptoZombies-TRON && cd CryptoZombies-TRON":
          hint: mkdir CryptoZombies-TRON && cd CryptoZombies-TRON
        "npm install -g tronbox":
          hint: npm install -g tronbox
          output: |
            + tronbox@2.7.25
            added 801 packages from 852 contributors in 24.078s
        "npm install -g tronweb":
          hint: npm install -g tronweb
          output:
            + tronweb@4.2.0
            added 55 packages from 19 contributors and audited 55 packages in 8.976s

            32 packages are looking for funding
            run `npm fund` for details

            found 0 vulnerabilities
---

If you have a background in front-end development, you are probably well accustomed to the tools that make a web developer’s life simpler - Webpack, Gulp, or Browserify.

If you have a background in Solidity, and you’ve previously deployed a smart contract to Ethereum, you’re probably familiar with using Truffle or Hardhat.

But what tools can you use to deploy your smart contracts TRON?


## TronBox

<a href="https://github.com/tronprotocol/tronbox" target="_blank">TronBox</a> is a smart contract development platform that allows you to test, compile and deploy your smart contracts to the TRON network. TronBox aims to make the life of developers easier and is packed with useful features:
- Easy smart contract compilation
- Automated ABI generation
- Integrated smart contract testing
- Support for multiple networks


## TronWeb

<a href="https://github.com/tronprotocol/tronweb" target="_blank">TronWeb</a> delivers a seamless development experience influenced by Ethereum's Web3. The TRON team has taken the core ideas of Web3 and expanded upon them to unlock the functionality of the TRON blockchain.

Provided that <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> has been installed on your computer, we'll want you to install TronBox and TronWeb and make them available globally.

To get started, you'll need to create a new directory and install both Tronbox and TronWeb.
## Put it to the test

1. Let’s start with the basics. In the terminal to the right, use the `mkdir` command to create a directory named `CryptoZombies-TRON`. Then, on the same line, use the `cd` command to make that the current directory.

> There are several ways in which you can enter multiple shell commands on the same line. To keep things simple, let's use `&&`. This makes sure that the second command runs only when the first one completes successfully. The following example makes a directory named `example` the current directory and lists its content: `cd example && ls`.

2. Install TronbBox and make it available globally. Enter the `npm install` command, followed by the `-g` flag and the name of the package (`tronbox`).

3. Lastly, you must install TronWeb globally by entering the `npm install` command, followed by the `-g` flag and the name of the package (`tronweb`).
