---
title: AggregatorV3Interface
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
material:
  editor:
    language: sol
    startingCode:
      "PriceConsumerV3.sol": |
        pragma solidity ^0.6.7;

        import "@chainlink/contracts/src/v0.6/interfaces/AggregatorV3Interface.sol";

        contract PriceConsumerV3 {

        }
    answer: |
      pragma solidity ^0.6.7;

      import "@chainlink/contracts/src/v0.6/interfaces/AggregatorV3Interface.sol";

      contract PriceConsumerV3 {
        AggregatorV3Interface public priceFeed;

        constructor() public {
          priceFeed = AggregatorV3Interface(0x8A753747A1Fa494EC906cE90E9f37563A8AF630e);
        }
      }
---

Great work! Now... At this point you should know how to work with interfaces, even if they are outside your project! Be sure to refer back to the interfaces lesson to learn  more. 

To interact with one of these contracts, since we already have the interface, all we need is the address. We can use the on-chain <a href="https://docs.chain.link/docs/feed-registry/" target=_new>Feeds Registry</a> which is an on-chain contract that keeps track of where all these feeds are, or we can just choose a contract address of our choosing by browsing all the <a href="https://docs.chain.link/docs/reference-contracts/" target=_new>contract addresses</a> .

Since we are trying to get the price of ETH in terms of USD, we need to pick the data feed that has this information. 

> IMPORTANT: Each network will have a *different* address for each piece of data you want. The address of the `ETH/USD` contract will be different on Mainnet Ethereum from Mainnet Polygon, from a Rinkeby testnet, etc.

We will use the data feed of rinkeby ethereum for this demo, you can find all the addresses in the [Rinkeby Ethereum Data Feeds Documentation.](https://docs.chain.link/docs/ethereum-addresses/#Rinkeby%20Testnet) We are using rinkeby, because in later courses, you'll learn how to deploy to the rinkeby testnet!

## Putting it to the test

1. Create a public global variable (a variable outside any function) named `priceFeed` of type `AggregatorV3Interface`. 
   
2. Create a `constructor` that assigns our `priceFeed` object to the mainnet ethereum `ETH/USD` contract address. 

> Hint: Check the [Chainlink documentation](https://docs.chain.link/docs/ethereum-addresses/#Rinkeby%20Testnet) to find addresses. 
