---
title: Accounts and Private Keys
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: javascript
    startingCode:
      "./scripts/generate-private-key.js": |

        // 1. Declare a variable named TronWeb
        // 2. Print your private key
    answer: |
      const tronWeb = require('tronweb')
      console.log(tronWeb.utils.accounts.generateAccount())

---

Amazing! You've successfully compiled your smart contracts.

However, there are still a few things to do before you can deploy them.

The TRON blockchain is made up of accounts, which you can think of like bank accounts. An account has a balance of TRX (the currency used on the TRON blockchain), and you can send and receive TRX payments to other accounts, just like your bank account can wire transfer money to other bank accounts. Each account on the TRON blockchain has an address that's a unique identifier that points to that account.

We're not going to get into the nitty-gritty of addresses, but for now, you only need to understand that an address is owned by a specific user (or a smart contract) and that the users prove their identity using something called private keys.

TRON uses a public/private key pair to digitally sign transactions. Any transaction you send must be signed by the private key associated with your account, and the public key can be derived from the signature and matched against your account to ensure no one can forge a transaction from your account.

Cryptography is complicated, so unless you're a cryptographer you should use battle-tested and well-reviewed cryptographic libraries instead of writing your own.

Luckily, the TronWeb library provides a function that creates a private key in a few easy steps 😊. All you have to do is to:
- Create a JavaScript source file.
- Import the `TronWeb` module you've already installed. In JavaScript, the syntax for importing a module is as follows:
  ```JS
  const myModule = require('mymodule')
  ```
- Invoke TronWeb's `utils.accounts.generateAccount()` function and print its output to the console.


## Put it to the test

We've gone ahead and created an empty file named `./scripts/generate-private-key.js`. Let's fill it in.

1. The first line should declare a `const` named `tronWeb` and set it equal to `require('tronweb')`.
2. The second line should call the `console.log` function to print the value returned by the `tronWeb.utils.accounts.generateAccount()` function call.
