---
title: Chainlink Data Feeds References
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
material:
    answer: 1
---

Awesome! You now know how to get data from a decentralized oracle network (DON) into your smart contracts. You can follow along in the <a href="https://docs.chain.link/docs/beginners-tutorial/" target=_new>Chainlink documentation basics tutorial</a> to learn how to deploy one of these to a real testnet!

We will learn later how these price feeds work under the hood, and how you can setup a DON to gather any data that you're looking for. However, often developers choose to work with some of these "out-of-the-box" oracle services, since they are much easier and require almost no time to setup. We'll keep learning more of these "ready-to-go out-of-the-box" services. 

There is so much more to Chainlink Oracles than what we've just covered here, and we are going to go over how this all works, as well as some other incredibly powerful features. 

However, we want to give you a heads up on some tools that bring your developing to the next level. Soon, you'll learn how to work with Truffle, Hardhat, Front Ends, DeFi, and more that bring Chainlink Data Feeds to life even more. Once you learn some of those concepts, you can come back to the [Truffle Starter Kit](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/truffle-starter-kit), [Hardhat Starter Kit](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/hardhat-starter-kit), and [Brownie Starter Kit (Chainlink Mix)](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink-mix) to build sophisticated smart contract applications in development suites. 

But until we come to those, let's keep learning about some of the amazing features Chainlink has to offer us!


