---
title: Migrations
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: javascript
    startingCode:
      "./contracts/2_zombie_ownership.js": |
        // var MyContract = artifacts.require("./MyContract.sol");

        module.exports = function(deployer) {
          // deployer.deploy(MyContract);
        };

    answer: |
      var ZombieOwnershipContract = artifacts.require("./ZombieOwnershipContract.sol");

      module.exports = function(deployer) {
        deployer.deploy(ZombieOwnershipContract);
      }

---

Great! That was the difficult part — actually deploying to Shasta and then to the TRON main net is going to be straightforward. To do this, TronBox relies on migrations.

It may sound like a migration involves a lot of stuff moving around, but in practice, a migration is nothing more than a JavaScript file that tells TronBox how to modify the state of your smart contracts:
  - The first migration deploys the `ZombieOwnership` smart contract in its current form.
  - Some other migrations will deploy a new version of the code to add features or fix bugs.

In a nutshell, migrations provide a convenient way to keep track of the changes you make to your code.

If you want to deploy more than one contract, a separate migration file must be created for each contract. Migrations are always executed in order - 1, 2, 3, etc.

To sum up, in its simplest form, a migration is a deployment script written in JavaScript.

That being said, when you've run the `tronbox init` command, Tronbox created two barebones migrations files:

- The first file (`01_initial_migration.js`) deploys a special contract named `Migrations.sol` that keeps track of the changes you're making to your code. The way it works is that the history of changes is saved on-chain. Thus, there's no way you will ever deploy the same code twice.

  ```js
  var Migrations = artifacts.require("./Migrations.sol");

  module.exports = function(deployer) {
    deployer.deploy(Migrations);
  };
  ```

- The second file (`./migrations/02_deploy_contracts.js`) is just an empty shell that you'll use in this chapter to deploy the `ZombieOwnership` smart contract.

  ```
  // var MyContract = artifacts.require("./MyContract.sol");

  module.exports = function(deployer) {
    // deployer.deploy(MyContract);
  };
  ```

## Creating a migration

To understand how migrations work under the hood, let's take a closer look at the `./contracts/2_deploy_contracts.js` file.

First, note that the instructions are commented out. This way, TronBox makes sure this file doesn't do anything unless you edit its content.

The first line specifies the name of the smart contract that TronBox will deploy - `MyContract.sol`.

Next, it exports a function that accepts an object called `deployer` as a parameter. This object acts as an interface between you (the developer) and TronBox's deployment engine.

We've gone ahead and renamed the `./contracts/2_deploy_contracts.js` file to `./contracts/2_zombie_ownership.js`. Now it's your turn to put into practice what you've learned in this chapter😉.

## Put it to the test

1. Uncomment the first line, make it so that it declares a variable named `ZombieOwnershipContract` and set it equal to... OK, you got the point. To keep things simple, modify the `./contracts/2_zombie_ownership.js` file to this:

```js
var ZombieOwnershipContract = artifacts.require("./ZombieOwnershipContract.sol");

module.exports = function(deployer) {
  deployer.deploy(ZombieOwnershipContract);
}
```
