---
title: Chainlink API Calls
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
material:
    answer: 1
---

Now that you understand the basic request model, we can learn how Chainlink technology can be expanded to include any data or computation. 

Chainlink can actually be used to interact with any API on the planet, including the ones that power our web and life today!

Now, this will show you how to get 1 piece of data from 1 Chainlink node, and is the smallest unit of technology for working with Chainlink Decentralized Oracle Networks. Often, engineers typically choose to work with the tools such as Chainlink VRF, Data Feeds, and Chainlink Keepers since those tools have undergone the process of gathering a network of nodes to provide data and computation and make sure everything can be as decentralized as possible. 

Learning how to make API calls with Chainlink nodes will give you the ability to start thinking about you can create a DON or a network of Chainlink nodes, but just remember, that a single node and a single data source doesn't mean your application is decentralized! There is some additional work required even after you build or find a node that works for you. 

With that in mind, it's highly recommended you checkout the [Chainlink API Call tutorial and documentation](https://docs.chain.link/docs/advanced-tutorial/) to learn how to work with these. It's not something we are going to cover here, but for those who want to have unlimited customization of their smart contracts, definitely check it out!

