---
title: Keeper Compatible Contract & block.timestamp
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
material:
  editor:
    language: sol
    startingCode: |
        // SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
        pragma solidity ^0.6.7;

        import "@chainlink/contracts/src/v0.6/interfaces/KeeperCompatibleInterface.sol";

        contract Counter is KeeperCompatibleInterface {
        }
    answer: >
        // SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
        pragma solidity ^0.6.7;

        import "@chainlink/contracts/src/v0.6/interfaces/KeeperCompatibleInterface.sol";

        contract Counter is KeeperCompatibleInterface {
          uint public counter;
          uint public interval;
          uint public lastTimeStamp;
          
          constructor() public {
            counter = 0;
            interval = 60;
            lastTimeStamp = block.timestamp;
          }
        }
        
---

We've got you started working with the Keeper architecture by importing the `KeeperCompatibleInterface`. Here is what the interface looks like:

```javascript
pragma solidity ^0.6.0;

interface KeeperCompatibleInterface {

  function checkUpkeep(
    bytes calldata checkData
  )
    external
    returns (
      bool upkeepNeeded,
      bytes memory performData
    );
    
  function performUpkeep(
    bytes calldata performData
  ) external;
}
```

You can see there are only 2 functions that we need to implement in our contract to make it keeper compatible. 

1. `checkUpkeep`: A function that the Chainlink network will call every 20 blocks or so (depending on the network). It will return:    
   1. `bool upkeepNeeded`: Where or not an event has fired for automation/`performUpkeep` to kick off.
   2. `bytes memory performData`: (optional) information to pass to our `performUpkeep`.
This `checkUpkeep` function costs 0 gas for the Chainlink nodes, as they will only *simulate* calling the function off chain to see if they *should* call `performUpkeep`. Keeping gas costs of the network low. 
Optionally, you can send it `checkData` if there is some specific event you want to look for.  

2. `performUpkeep`: What you want the smart contract to do whenever an event is fired. Optionally, you can pass `bytes memory performData` from our `checkUpkeep` if you need the `performUpkeep` to depend on what is returned from the `checkUpkeep`.  

And these are the on functions we need to add!


## What we are building

Let's make a contract where our event is triggered every 60 seconds and counts how many times it's been triggered. 

To get started let's create a constructor where we can pick an update interval of 60 seconds. To keep track of this, we will need:

1. The last updated timestamp
2. A counter for how many times this has been triggered
3. A variable to keep track of the interval (60 seconds)

Now you might be asking... How can I know what the current time is? Well this is where the globally available variable `block.timestamp` comes into play. Similar to `msg.sender` we can always gather information about the block we are currently in, including a unix timestamp. For example Fri Aug 27 2021 22:46:29 GMT is `1630104389`, and one second later would be `1630104360`.

So let's get it!

## Putting it to the test

1. Create a `constructor`.

2. Create global public uint variables `counter`, `lastTimeStamp`, and `interval`. 

3. Set our `counter` to 0 in our constructor.

4. Set our `interval` to `60` in our constructor. 

5.  Set our `lastTimeStamp` to the current timestamp. 
