---
title: Initializing the CLI
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: JavaScript
    startingCode:
      "nns-cli.js": |
        import { tx, wallet, CONST, rpc, sc, u } from '@cityofzion/neon-core'
        import { Command } from 'commander'
        const defaultSystemFee = 0
        const defaultNetworkFee = 0
        const networkMagic = CONST.MAGIC_NUMBER.TestNet
        const NS_CONTRACT_HASH = '50ac1c37690cc2cfc594472833cf57505d5f46de' // Name Service
        const NS_CONTRACT_ADDRESS = '0x50ac1c37690cc2cfc594472833cf57505d5f46de'

        const URL = process.env.URL
        if (typeof URL === 'undefined') {
            console.log('The URL environment variable is not defined.')
            process.exit(1)
        }

        const privateKey = process.env.PRIVATE_KEY
        if (typeof privateKey === 'undefined') {
            console.log('The PRIVATE_KEY environment variable is not defined.')
            process.exit(1)
        }

        // Start here

    answer: |
      import { tx, wallet, CONST, rpc, sc, u } from '@cityofzion/neon-core'
      import { Command } from 'commander'
      const defaultSystemFee = 0
      const defaultNetworkFee = 0
      const networkMagic = CONST.MAGIC_NUMBER.TestNet
      const NS_CONTRACT_HASH = '50ac1c37690cc2cfc594472833cf57505d5f46de' // Name Service
      const NS_CONTRACT_ADDRESS = '0x50ac1c37690cc2cfc594472833cf57505d5f46de'

      const URL = process.env.URL
      if (typeof URL === 'undefined') {
        console.log('The URL environment variable is not defined.')
        process.exit(1)
      }

      const privateKey = process.env.PRIVATE_KEY
      if (typeof privateKey === 'undefined') {
        console.log('The PRIVATE_KEY environment variable is not defined.')
        process.exit(1)
      }

      (async () => {
        const account = new wallet.Account(privateKey)
        const rpcClient = new rpc.RPCClient(URL)

      })()
---

Interacting with the Neo blockchain involves network operations, such as sending requests and waiting for responses from remote nodes. These network operations can take varying amounts of time to complete, depending on factors like network latency and the complexity of the requested operation. Using **asynchronous** functions allows other parts of your program to continue executing while waiting for the network operations to finish.

To invoke asynchronous functions in your CLI application, you can use the `async/await` syntax. Let's take a look at an example:

 ```js
async function myAwesomeFunction() {
  const response = await getRoots(); // An asynchronous function
  // Do something with the response
}


// Call your function
await myAwesomeFunction()
```

In this example, `myAwesomeFunction` is an asynchronous function that invokes `getRoots`, a function that reads data from the Neo blockchain asynchronously. The `await` keyword is used to pause the execution of `myAwesomeFunction` until the `getRoots` function completes and resolves the promise it returns.

By using `async/await`, you can invoke asynchronous functions in a synchronous-like manner, making your CLI application capable of interacting with the Neo blockchain in a non-blocking way and providing a better user experience.

##  Immediately Invoked Asynchronous Functions

Most of the functions you will be writing will be asynchronous, but Node.js only allows you to place the `await` operator inside an `async` function. A common solution is to wrap your code into something called an **immediately invoked async function**.

An immediately invoked async function is a construct that combines the concepts of an immediately invoked function expression (IIFE) and an asynchronous function. This allows you to define and execute an asynchronous function immediately without the need for a separate function invocation.

The example code below shows how you can create an immediately invoked asynchronous function and use it to invoke the `myAwesomeFunction` you've defined above:

```js
(async () => {
  await myAwesomeFunction ()
})()
```

In the code above, an anonymous `async` function is defined and enclosed in parentheses. The `async` keyword indicates that the function is asynchronous and you can use `await` to pause execution until asynchronous operations are complete.

The trailing parentheses `()` immediately invoke the async function, executing its code immediately.

Inside the immediately invoked `async` function, you can write asynchronous code using `await` to handle promises or perform other asynchronous operations.

## Instantiating the `wallet.Account` Class

The `@cityofzion/neon-core` library provides the `wallet.Account` class that must be instantiated with your private key before you can interact with the blockchain.

You can use the following syntax to create a new instance of the `Account` class from the `wallet` module:

```js
const myAccount = new wallet.Account(myPrivateKey)
```

## Instantiating the `rpc.RPCClient` Class

The `rpc.RPCClient` class acts as a model for a specific Neo node, and it provides the methods that your application can invoke to interact with the Neo network easily without sending a transaction. Before you can use it in your application you must first create a new instance by calling its constructor and passing it the URL of the node, as shown below:

```js
const rpcClient = new rpc.RPCClient(URL)
```

## Putting it to the Test

1. Make an immediately invoked asynchronous function.
2. The first line of the function should create a new instance of the `wallet.Account` class and assign it to a `const` named `account`.
3. The second line should create a new instance of the `rpc.RPCClient` class and assign it to a `const` named `rpcClient`.
