---
title: Use Truffle and Loom DAppChains!
actions:
  - 'checkAnswer'
  - 'hints'
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help: You should probably run `npm install loom-truffle-provider`.
    commands:
      "npm install loom-truffle-provider":
        hint: npm install loom-truffle-provider
        output: |
          + loom-truffle-provider@0.8.0
          added 227 packages from 193 contributors and audited 158456 packages in 50.265s
          found 0 vulnerabilities
---

It might not seem much, but you just deployed `CryptoZombies`!

Even if `Truffle` helped a lot, this is no small feat, so give yourself a pat on the back.

## Loom DAppChains

Now, if you want to build games on **_Ethereum_**, there's one thing you should be aware of - on mainnet, users are required to **_pay gas fees for every transaction_**. But this isn't ideal for a game, and can easily ruin user experience.

Conversely, on **Loom**, your users can have much speedier and gas-free transactions, making it a much better fit for games and other non-financial applications.

This means that your Loom zombies will be fast zombies!

That's not all - deploying to **Loom** is no different from deploying to **Rinkeby**, or to the **Ethereum mainnet**. If you know how to do one, you also know how to do the other.

In the next chapters, we'll be walking you through deploying to **Loom**.


## loom-truffle-provider

We at **Loom** are using `truffle` to build, test, and deploy our smart contracts. To make our life easier, we developed something called a **_provider_** that lets `Truffle` deploy to **Loom** just like it deploys to Rinkeby or Ethereum mainnet.

Without delving too much into details, the provider works like a bridge that makes Web3 calls compatible with **Loom**. The beauty of it is that, to use it, you don't have to understand how it works under the hood.

# Put it to the test:

1. We've made `loom-truffle-provider` available as an `npm` package. Let's install it.
> Note: This time, there's no need to make the package available globally.
