---
title: Becoming a Shop Owner
actions:
  - 'checkAnswer'
  - 'hints'
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    prompt: ">libra%"
    help: You should probably run `account create`.
    commands:
      "account create":
        hint: account create
        mistakes:
          create account: You cannot change the word order here, it has to be accont first, then create.
        multipleResults:
          - 
            index: 0
            address: dbbd9db9fe80ce2d1e8c9166bdda2dfc6c2defe25042e11e14958d64604cfd82
        output: |
          > Creating/retrieving next account from wallet
          Created/retrieved account #${index} address ${address}
---

> > > In this first lesson, you'll learn how to interact with the Libra testnet blockchain using the command line interface (CLI). This perfectly simulates how you can interact with the REAL libra testnet today. Later, we'll show you how to install it yourself.


Just like bank accounts in real life, as a shop owner you’ll also need to create an account on the Libra blockchain before you can sell any goods.

Creating an account is free, and you can create as many as you like in a single wallet. We'll get to the technical reason for why this is possible in the next chapter but the closest analogy is that an account on the blockchain is like having a debit card. You can apply for as many as you like.


```
>libra%
```

This is the command prompt for the Libra CLI, the official way to connect to the testnet now. The `libra%` indicates the start of every line. This part is automatically there every time you hit the `enter` key, so you don't have to type it.

Now that we're connected to the Libra testnet, this is how we can create an account:

```
>libra% account create
```

So the command you enter is `account create`

The output will look like:

```
> Creating/retrieving next account from wallet
Created/retrieved account #0 address dbbd9db9fe80ce2d1e8c9166bdda2dfc6c2defe25042e11e14958d64604cfd82
```

0 here is the **_index_**.  Which is just a fancy way of saying it’s position in your wallet. We start counting with the number 0 because that’s how programmers learned to do math.

The long string of numbers and letters is known as a **_hex string_** and you can think of that as your debit card number on Libra.

Note that the account won’t be registered on the Libra blockchain until there is some money in the address (you will be shown how to do this in Chapter 4).

# Put It to the Test

Create an account.

Hint: remember to press enter after you enter the command.

When you're finished, click "check answer" below. If you get stuck, you can click "hint".
