---
title: Calling Other Contracts- Cont'd
actions:
  - 'checkAnswer'
  - 'hints'
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: sol
    startingCode:
      "caller/CallerContract.sol": |
        pragma solidity 0.5.0;
        //1. Import from the "./EthPriceOracleInterface.sol" file
        contract CallerContract {
        // 2. Declare `EthPriceOracleInterface`
        address private oracleAddress;
        function setOracleInstanceAddress (address _oracleInstanceAddress) public {
        oracleAddress = _oracleInstanceAddress;
        //3. Instantiate `EthPriceOracleInterface`
        }
        }
      "caller/EthPriceOracleInterface.sol": |
        pragma solidity 0.5.0;
        contract EthPriceOracleInterface {
        function getLatestEthPrice() public returns (uint256);
        }
    answer: |
      pragma solidity 0.5.0;
      import "./EthPriceOracleInterface.sol";

      contract CallerContract {
      EthPriceOracleInterface private oracleInstance;
      address private oracleAddress;
      function setOracleInstanceAddress (address _oracleInstanceAddress) public {
      oracleAddress = _oracleInstanceAddress;
      oracleInstance = EthPriceOracleInterface(oracleAddress);
      }
      }
---

Awesome! Now that you've saved the address of the oracle into a variable, let's learn about how you can call a function from a different contract.

## Calling the Oracle Contract

For the caller contract to interact with the oracle, you must first define something called an **_interface_**.

Interfaces are somehow similar to contracts, but they only declare functions. In other words, an interface can't:
* define state variables,
* constructors,
* or inherit from other contracts.

You can think of an interface as of an ABI. Since they're used to allow different contracts to interact with each other, all functions must be `external`

Let's look at a simple example. Suppose there's a contract called `FastFood` that looks something like the following:

```sol
pragma solidity 0.5.0;

contract FastFood {
  function makeSandwich(string calldata _fillingA, string calldata _fillingB) external {
    //Make the sandwich
  }
}
```

This very simple contract implements a function that "makes" a sandwich. If you know the address of the `FastFood` contract and the signature of the `makeSandwich`, then you can call it.
> Note: A function signature comprises the function name, the list of the parameters, and the return value(s).

Continuing with our example, let's say you want to write a contract called `PrepareLunch` that calls the `makeSandwich` function, passing the list of ingredients such as "sliced ham" and "pickled veggies". I'm not hungry but this sounds tempting😄.

To make it so that the `PrepareLunch` smart contract can call the `makeSandwich` function, you must follow the following steps:

1. Define the interface of the `FastFood` contract by pasting the following snippet into a file called `FastFoodInterface.sol`:

   ```solidity
   pragma solidity 0.5.0;

   interface FastFoodInterface {
      function makeSandwich(string calldata _fillingA, string calldata _fillingB) external;
   }
   ```

2. Next, you must import the contents of the `./FastFoodInterface.sol` file into the `PrepareLaunch` contract.

3. Lastly, you must instantiate the `FastFood` contract using the interface:

  ```solidity
  fastFoodInstance = FastFoodInterface(_address);
  ```

At this point, the `PrepareLunch` smart contract can call the `makeSandwich` function of the `FastFood` smart contract:

  ```solidity
  fastFoodInstance.makeSandwich("sliced ham", "pickled veggies");
  ```

Putting it together, here's how the `PrepareLunch` contract would look like:

```sol
pragma solidity 0.5.0;
import "./FastFoodInterface.sol";

contract PrepareLunch {

  FastFoodInterface private fastFoodInstance;

  function instantiateFastFoodContract (address _address) public {
    fastFoodInstance = FastFoodInterface(_address);
    fastFoodInstance.makeSandwich("sliced ham", "pickled veggies");
  }
}
```

Now, let's use the above example for inspiration as you set up the caller contract to execute the `updateEthPrice` function from the oracle smart contract.

## Put It to the Test

We've gone ahead and created a new file called `caller/EthPriceOracleInterface.sol` and placed it into a new tab. Give it a read-through. Then, let's focus back on the `caller/CallerContract.sol` tab.

1. After the line of code that declares the `pragma`, import the `./EthPriceOracleInterface.sol` file.

2. Let's add an `EthPriceOracleInterface` variable named  `oracleInstance`. Place it above the line of code that declares the `oracleAddress` variable. Let's make it `private`.

3. Now let's jump to the `setOracleInstanceAddress` function. Instantiate the `EthPriceOracle` contract using `EthPriceOracleInterface` and store the result in the `oracleInstance` variable. If you can't remember the syntax for doing this, check the example from above. But first, try to do it without peeking.

Oops! By now, you probably know enough about Solidity to figure out that there's a security hole in this code🤯. In the next chapter, we'll explain how to make the `setOracleInstanceAddress` function safe.
