---
title: "Intro: The Real Killer Feature of Blockchain Games"
actions: ['hints']
requireLogin: false
material:
  pictureViewer: 
    uri: 'customgamemode.png'
    css: 'width: 100%; margin-top: 25vh;'
---

In gaming, the blockchain enables something that has **never been possible before**.

It allows the game server logic to be *totally modular*. Since the rules that govern the gameplay are stored on the blockchain, the developer can allow *any user* to deploy their own custom gameplay logic file to the blockchain — and enable these custom game modes for all users of the game.

Throughout gaming history, mods have played a hugely important role. Some of the largest games in history originally started as mods of other games, such as Counter-Strike and League of Legends.

And the blockchain allows developers to embrace this. Instead of a top-down architecture where the game developers create and the users consume, the blockchain allows for *infinitely expandable game universes* where *all users* can contribute to building out the game world and adding new features.

**Blockchain games are built to be moddable at their core.**

### Why is this not possible without the blockchain?

Typically, the game company owns the game server, and with it, access to their API and players. The game company has full control over who can do what, and which mods they want to allow and disallow.

However, once a game is deployed to the blockchain, it becomes *totally permissionless*. This means no one can stop any developer or player from interacting with it — as long as they play by the rules set out in the game's original smart contract.

Thus, on the blockchain, developers can build mods with confidence, knowing that the code will be there *forever* and their game permanently accessible to users — it won’t get shut down a few months or years from now if the developers decide they don’t like that mod anymore, they want to change the rules, or they decide to shut down the game entirely.

**We truly believe this is one of the first true killer features of the blockchain to be realized, and this is the technology that’s going enable infinite game universes like “Ready Player One.” 😮**

And you, being an early CryptoZombies user, can get in on the ground floor — and be one of the first to learn how to build out these game mods!

You can help contribute to the blockchain gaming revolution.

### Building your first game mod — Zombie Battleground

Take a look at the screen to the right. It shows the game mod selection screen from Zombie Battleground, our totally free-to-play collectible card game that runs 100% on the blockchain.

After you complete this tutorial, you’ll be able to use our ZB game mode creator tool *(coming very very soon)* to make your our custom game mode and instantly deploy it to the Zombie Battleground blockchain — after which our thousands of real, live players will be able to choose it from a list and start playing against other opponents in PvP matches.

With just a basic knowledge of Solidity, you’ll actually be able to contribute to the development of a game that has thousands of players, and get feedback from real users on features and changes they want to see in your game mode.

If you’re creative, maybe players will even like your game mode better than the official Zombie Battleground game mode created by us — and just like Counter-Strike was to Half Life, your mod will end up becoming the main game!

## Getting Started

For this very first lesson, we’re going to be creating a very simple ExampleGame mode to get your feet wet and sample the different things you can do. In future lessons, we will walk through examples of more advanced custom game modes.

When you’re ready to get started, click “Next Chapter”, and let’s take a look at how custom game mode smart contracts are created!
