en/11/00-overview.md, before:

---
title: 用 Truffle 测试智能合约
header: 用 Truffle 测试智能合约
roadmap: roadmap.jpg
path: solidity_advanced
position: 1
---

欢迎！通过完成之前的课程，已经证明你很懂行了。

所以，继续吧，将游戏部署到主网去。胜利就在前方!

稍等…… 你可能已经想到了 _一些事情_。毕竟，合约一旦部署到主网后，它们将永远存在于那里。即使里面有错误，也依然在那里，就像不死的僵尸。

每个程序员都会出错误或 _**bugs**_，不管他们技术多厉害。犯大错的可能性虽然不大，比如让攻击僵尸有100%胜算这类的错误，但还是有可能发生的。

很明显，给攻击方100%的胜利意味着你所写的已经不再是游戏了，甚至一点意思都没有。像这样的 bug 会让你的游戏死无葬身之地，就连神仙也救不了你的僵尸。

为了防止这样的悲剧发生，你必须对游戏进行全面测试。

课程结束，你将能够：

- 用 `Truffle` 在 `Ganache` 上测试你的智能合约
- 使用 `Chai` 来编写语义更明确的断言
- 在 `Loom` 上测试😉

开始吧！

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/11/00-overview.md, after:

---
title: Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle
header: Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle
roadmap: roadmap.jpg
path: solidity_advanced
position: 1
publishedOn: Cryptozombies
---

Welcome! By completing the previous lessons you’ve demonstrated that you really know your stuff.

So, go ahead and deploy the game to the mainnet. Enjoy your success!

Hang on a moment... There are a _few things_ you might have already thought of. After all, once contracts get deployed to the mainnet, they will live there forever. If there are mistakes in them, they will still live on as well. Like undead zombies.

Mistakes, or _**bugs**_, happen to every coder, no matter how skilled. It's unlikely that you would make a major mistake like giving attacking zombies a 100% chance of victory, but it could happen.

Clearly giving the attacking side 100% of wins would mean what you had written was no longer a game, or even any fun at all. A bug like this would kill your game dead, and no promise of juicy brains would drag your zombies from their graves.

To stop this terrible thing from happening, it is essential that you thoroughly test every aspect of the game.

By the end of this lesson, you will be able to:

- Test your smart contracts with `Truffle` against `Ganache`
- Use `Chai` to write more expressive assertions
- Test against `Loom`😉

Let's get started!
