en/11/01.md, before:

---
title: 开始设置
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
skipCheckAnswer: false
material:
    terminal:
        help:
            You should probably run `touch test/CryptoZombies.js`😉
        commands:
            "touch test/CryptoZombies.js":
                hint: touch test/CryptoZombies.js
                output: |
---
在这节课中，我们将介绍测试**以太坊**智能合约相关的理论，重点介绍**Truffle**、**Mocha**和**Chai**。你需要具备 **Solidity** 和 **JavaScript** 中级水平，以便更好得理解掌握新知识。

如果你之前没有接触过 **Solidity**，或者你想复习下一些概念，可以先从我们的<a href="https://cryptozombies.io/lesson/1" target=_blank>第一课</a>开始。

如果你不熟悉 **JavaScript**，可以考虑先阅读其他教程再来学这个课。


## 来看看我们的项目

如果你一直跟着我们学了之前的课程，你应该已经构建了一个僵尸主题的游戏，你的文件结构应该是这样的:

```
├── build
  ├── contracts
      ├── Migrations.json
      ├── CryptoZombies.json
      ├── erc721.json
      ├── ownable.json
      ├── safemath.json
      ├── zombieattack.json
      ├── zombiefactory.json
      ├── zombiefeeding.json
      ├── zombiehelper.json
      ├── zombieownership.json
├── contracts
  ├── Migrations.sol
  ├── CryptoZombies.sol
  ├── erc721.sol
  ├── ownable.sol
  ├── safemath.sol
  ├── zombieattack.sol
  ├── zombiefactory.sol
  ├── zombiefeeding.sol
  ├── zombiehelper.sol
  ├── zombieownership.sol
├── migrations
└── test
. package-lock.json
. truffle-config.js
. truffle.js
```

看到 `test` 文件夹了吗? 这儿就是我们将要进行测试的地方。

_Truffle_ 支持用 _JavaScript_ 和 _Solidity_ 编写的测试，但本课中，我们先只关注 _JavaScript_。


# 实战演习

最好的方式是为每个合约创建一个单独的测试文件，并以该智能合约的名字命名。从长远来看，这会让你的测试管理更加简单，特别是随着项目不断发展和变化的时候。

1. 在右侧的终端里，运行 `touch test/CryptoZombies.js`。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/11/01.md, after:

---
title: Getting Set Up
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
skipCheckAnswer: false
material:
    terminal:
        help:
            You should probably run `touch test/CryptoZombies.js`😉
        commands:
            "touch test/CryptoZombies.js":
                hint: touch test/CryptoZombies.js
                output: |
---
In this lesson, we will be covering the theory behind testing **Ethereum** smart contracts, with a focus on **Truffle**, **Mocha**, and **Chai**. You will need an intermediate level of knowledge of **Solidity** and **JavaScript** to help you get the most out of these lessons.

If you don't have prior exposure to **Solidity**, or you want to revise some of the concepts, go ahead and start learning with our <a href="https://cryptozombies.io/lesson/1" target=_blank>first lesson</a>.

If you are not comfortable with **JavaScript**, consider going through a tutorial elsewhere before starting this lesson.


## Let's Peep Into Our Project

If you followed along with our previous lessons, you should have built a zombie-themed game that is largely ready, and your file structure should look like this:

```
├── build
  ├── contracts
      ├── Migrations.json
      ├── CryptoZombies.json
      ├── erc721.json
      ├── ownable.json
      ├── safemath.json
      ├── zombieattack.json
      ├── zombiefactory.json
      ├── zombiefeeding.json
      ├── zombiehelper.json
      ├── zombieownership.json
├── contracts
  ├── Migrations.sol
  ├── CryptoZombies.sol
  ├── erc721.sol
  ├── ownable.sol
  ├── safemath.sol
  ├── zombieattack.sol
  ├── zombiefactory.sol
  ├── zombiefeeding.sol
  ├── zombiehelper.sol
  ├── zombieownership.sol
├── migrations
└── test
. package-lock.json
. truffle-config.js
. truffle.js
```

See the `test` folder? This is where we are going to be putting our tests.

_Truffle_ provides support for tests written in _JavaScript_ and _Solidity_ but, for the scope of this lesson, we are going to keep things simple and stick to _JavaScript_.


# Put it to the test

It is best practice to create a separate test file for each contract and give it the name of the smart contract. This makes managing your tests simpler in the long run, especially as your project grows and changes.

1. In the terminal to the right, run `touch test/CryptoZombies.js`.
