en/11/02.md, before:

---
title: 开始设置（续）
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
    editor:
        language: javascript
        startingCode:
            "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
        answer: >
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                it("", () => {

                })
            })

---
我们继续。本章，我们会接着把一切设置好，然后就可以编写、运行我们的测试

## 构建工件

每次编译智能合约时，_Solidity_ 编译器都会生成一个 JSON 文件 (称为**构建工件**)，其中包含该合约的二进制表示，并将其保存在 `build/contracts` 文件夹中。

接下来，当你运行迁移时，_Truffle_ 会把与那个网络相关的信息更新到该文件。

每次开始编写一个新的测试套件时，需要做的第一件事就是加载你想要交互的合约的构建工件。这样，**Truffle**将知道如何以合约能够理解的方式来格式化我们的函数调用。

来看一个简单的示例：

假如有一个合约叫 `myAwesomeContract`。我们可以通过以下方式来加载构建工件：

```javascript
const myAwesomeContract = artifacts.require(“myAwesomeContract”);
```

该函数返回一个叫 **_contract abstraction （合约抽象）_** 的东西。简而言之，_合约抽象_ 隐藏与 **以太坊** 交互的复杂性，并为我们的 _Solidity_  智能合约提供便利的 _JavaScript_ 接口。我们将在后面的章节中使用到它。

### contract() 函数

 在幕后，**Truffle** 在 **Mocha** 上加了一层薄封装，以简化测试。由于我们的课程重点是 **以太坊** 开发，所以我们不会花太多时间来解释 _Mocha_ 的各个方面。如果你想了解更多关于 _Mocha_ 的知识，学完本课后可以看看<a href="https://mochajs.org/" target=_blank>他们的网站</a>。现在，你只需要了解我们在这里所讲解的内容 —— 如何:

-   通过调用一个叫做  `contract()` 的函数**对测试进行分组**。它通过**为测试提供帐户列表**并完成一些清理工作，扩展了 **Mocha** 的 `describe()`。

    `contract()` 有两个参数。第一个，`string（字符串）`，必须表示我们要测试的内容。第二个参数，`callback（回调）`，就是我们实际编写测试的地方。

-   **执行它们**：我们将通过调用一个名为 `it()` 的函数来实现，该函数也有两个参数：一个描述测试实际执行内容的 `string（字符串）` 和一个 `callback（回调）`。

放在一起，这是一个最简单的测试:

 ```javascript
 contract("MyAwesomeContract", (accounts) => {
   it("should be able to receive Ethers", () => {
   })
 })
 ```

>注意：经过精心设计的测试会解释代码的实际功能。确保测试套件和测试用例的描述可以作为**连贯的语句**一起阅读。就像在写文档一样。

你想要编写的每个测试都遵循这个简单的模式。很容易学，没错吧? 😁

# 实战演习

既然已经创建了一个空的 `CryptoZombies.js` 文件，现在来填充它吧。

1.  第一行代码应该声明一个名为 `CryptoZombies` 的 `const`，并将它赋值为 `artifacts.require` 函数的结果，用我们要测试的合约名作为参数。

2.  下一步，从上面复制粘贴测试。

3.  改变调用 `contract()` 的方式，使第一个参数成为我们智能合约的名字。


    >注意：不要担心 `accounts` 参数。我们将在下一章解释它。


4.  传递给 `it()` 函数的第一个参数(（在我们的示例中，是“should be able to receive Ethers”）应该是我们的测试名。因为我们将从创建一个新僵尸开始，所以请确保将第一个参数设置为“should be able to create a new zombie”。

一切准备就绪。进入下一章吧。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/11/02.md, after:

---
title: Getting Set Up (cont'd)
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
    editor:
        language: javascript
        startingCode:
            "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
        answer: >
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", () => {

                })
            })

---
Let's move forward. In this chapter, we're going to continue setting things up so we can write and run our tests.

## Build Artifacts

Every time you compile a smart contract, the _Solidity_ compiler generates a JSON file (referred to as **build artifacts**) which contains the binary represenation of that contract and saves it in the `build/contracts` folder.

Next, when you run a migration, _Truffle_ updates this file with the information related to that network.

The first thing you'll need to do every time you start writing a new test suite is to load the build artifacts of the contract you want to interact with. This way, **Truffle** will know how to format our function calls in a way the contract will understand.

Let's look at a simple example.

Say there was a contract called `myAwesomeContract`. We could do something like the following to load the build artifacts:

```javascript
const myAwesomeContract = artifacts.require(“myAwesomeContract”);
```

The function returns something called a **_contract abstraction_**. In a nutshell, a _contract abstraction_ hides the complexity of interacting with **Ethereum** and provides a convenient _JavaScript_ interface to our _Solidity_ smart contract. We'll be using it in the next chapters.

### The contract() function

Behind the scenes, **Truffle** adds a thin wrapper around **Mocha** in order to make testing simpler. Since our course focuses on **Ethereum** development, we won't be spending much time explaining the bits and bytes of _Mocha_. If you're inclined to learn more about _Mocha_, check out <a href="https://mochajs.org/" target=_blank>their website</a>, once you're done with this lesson. For now, you only have to understand what we cover here - how to:

-   **group tests** by calling a function named `contract()`. It extends **Mocha**'s `describe()` by providing a **list of accounts for testing** and doing some cleanup as well.

    `contract()` takes two arguments. The first one, a `string`, must indicate what we’re going to test. The second parameter, a `callback`, is where we’re going to actually write our tests.

-   **execute them**: the way we’ll be doing this is by calling a function named `it()` which also takes two arguments: a `string` that describes what the test actually does and a `callback`.

Putting it together, here's a bare-bones test:

 ```javascript
 contract("MyAwesomeContract", (accounts) => {
   it("should be able to receive Ethers", () => {
   })
 })
 ```

>Note: A well-thought test explains what the code actually does. Make sure the description of the test suite and the test case can be read together as a **coherent statement**. It’s like you’re writing documentation.

Every test you’ll want to write follows this simple pattern. Pretty easy, isn't it?😁

# Put it to the test

Now that we've created an empty `CryptoZombies.js` file, let's fill it in.

1. The first line of code should declare a `const` named `CryptoZombies` and set it equal to the result of the `artifacts.require` function with the name of the contract we want to test as an argument.

2. Next, go ahead and copy/paste the test from above.

3. Change the way we're calling `contract()` such that the first parameter is the name of our smart contract.

    >Note: Don't worry about the `accounts` argument. We'll explain it in the next chapter.

4. The first parameter passed to the `it()` function (in our example, that is "should be able to receive Ethers") should be the name of our test. Since we'll start with creating a new zombie, make sure that the first parameter is set to "should be able to create a new zombie".

We're all set. Let's move to the next chapter.
