en/11/03.md, before:

---
title: 第一个测试 —— 创建新僵尸
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
    editor:
        language: javascript
        startingCode:
            "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
                const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
                contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                    //1. initialize `alice` and `bob`
                    it("", () => { //2 & 3. Replace the first parameter and make the callback async
                    })
                })

        answer: >
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
            
            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                })
            })


---
在部署到**以太坊**之前，最好先在本地对你的智能合约进行测试。

可以使用一个叫做 <a href="https://truffleframework.com/ganache" target=_blank>Ganache</a> 的工具，它可以建立以太坊本地网络。

每次 _Ganache_ 启动时，都会创建10个测试帐户，并给它们100个以太，以简化测试。由于 _Ganache_ 和 _Truffle_ 紧密集成，我们可以通过前一章中提到的 `accounts` 数组来访问这些帐户。

但是使用 `accounts[0]` 和 `accounts[1]` 会让我们的测试不易读, 对吧?

为了帮助理解，我们需要使用两个占位符名字 —— Alice 和 Bob。因此，在 `contract()` 函数中，这样来对它们进行初始化:

```javascript
let [alice, bob] = accounts;
```
>注意：请忽略这里不严谨的语法。在JavaScript中，约定对变量名使用小写。

为什么要用 Alice 和 Bob 这两个名字呢? 这个传统由来已久，Alice 和 Bob 或者“A 和 B”成为加密、物理、编程等领域的常用名称。本课学完后，很值得<a href="http://cryptocouple.com/" target=_blank>读一读</a>这段有趣的历史。

但现在先来进行我们的第一个测试吧。

## 创建新僵尸

假设  Alice 想玩我们这个超棒的游戏。如果是这样，她要做的第一件事是**创建自己的僵尸🧟**。为此，前端（在我们的示例中是 _Truffle_）必须调用 `createRandomZombie` 函数。

>注意：可以复习下, 这是我们合约中的 _Solidity_ 代码：

 ```sol
 function createRandomZombie(string _name) public {
   require(ownerZombieCount[msg.sender] == 0);
   uint randDna = _generateRandomDna(_name);
   randDna = randDna - randDna % 100;
   _createZombie(_name, randDna);
 }
 ```

我们首先测试这个函数。

# 实战演习

1.  `contract()` 函数的第一行应该声明名为 `alice` 和 `bob` 的两个变量，并像上面所示的那样对它们进行初始化。

2.  接下来，我们要正确地调用 `it()` 函数。第二个参数（一个 `callback` 函数）将与区块链“对话”，这意味着该函数是异步的。只需将 `async` 关键字加在前面。这样，每次使用 `await` 关键字调用这个函数时，我们的测试都会等它返回。

解释承诺如何运行不在本课的范围。完成这节课后，可查看<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise" target=_blank>官方文档</a>来进一步拓展知识。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/11/03.md, after:

---
title: The First Test- Creating a New Zombie
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
    editor:
        language: javascript
        startingCode:
            "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
                const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
                contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                    //1. initialize `alice` and `bob`
                    it("should be able to create a new zombie", () => { //2 & 3. Replace the first parameter and make the callback async
                    })
                })

        answer: >
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
            
            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                })
            })


---

Before deploying to **Ethereum**, it is best to test your smart contracts locally.

You can do so by using a tool called <a href="https://truffleframework.com/ganache" target=_blank>Ganache</a>, which sets up a local **Ethereum** network.

Every time _Ganache_ starts, it creates 10 test accounts and gives them 100 Ethers to make testing easier. Since _Ganache_ and _Truffle_ are tightly integrated we can access these accounts through the `accounts` array we've mentioned in the previous chapter.

But using `accounts[0]` and `accounts[1]` would not make our tests read well, right?

To aid comprehension, we'd like to use two placeholder names- Alice and Bob. So, inside the `contract()` function, let's initialize them like so:

```javascript
let [alice, bob] = accounts;
```
>Note: Forgive the poor grammar. In _JavaScript_, the convention is to use lowercase for variable names.

Why Alice and Bob? There is a big tradition that makes Alice and Bob or "A and B" common names used in cryptography, physics, programming, and more. It's a short but interesting history, and well worth a
<a href="http://cryptocouple.com/" target=_blank>read</a> after you complete this lesson.

Now let's move on to our first test.

## Creating a New Zombie

Say Alice wants to play our awesome game. If so, the first thing she would want to do is to **create her own zombie 🧟**. To do that, the front-end  (or _Truffle_ in our case) would have to call the `createRandomZombie` function.

>Note: As a review, here is the _Solidity_ code in our contract:

 ```sol
 function createRandomZombie(string _name) public {
   require(ownerZombieCount[msg.sender] == 0);
   uint randDna = _generateRandomDna(_name);
   randDna = randDna - randDna % 100;
   _createZombie(_name, randDna);
 }
 ```

We begin by testing this function.

# Put it to the test

1.  The first line of the `contract()` function should declare two variables named `alice`  and `bob` and initialize them as shown above.

2. Next, we would want to properly call the `it()` function. The second parameter (a `callback` function) is going to "talk" to the blockchain, which means that the function is asynchronous. Just prepend the `async` keyword. This way, every time this function gets called with the `await` keyword, our test waits for it to return.

> Explaining how promises work is out of the scope of this lesson. Once you've finished this lesson, feel free check out the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise" target=_blank>official documentation</a> to further your knowledge.
