en/11/04.md, before:

---
title: The First Test- Creating a New Zombie (cont'd)
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
    editor:
        language: javascript
        startingCode:
            "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
                const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
                const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];
                contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                    let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                    it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                        // start here
                    })
                })

        answer: >
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

            const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];

            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                    const contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                })
            })

---

Great job! Now that we have a shell for our first test, let me walk you through how testing works.

Usually, every test has the following phases:

 1. **_set up_**: in which we define the initial state and initialize the inputs.

 2. **_act_**: where we actually test the code. Always make sure you _test only one thing_.

 3. **_assert_:** where we check the results.

Lets look at what our test should do in some more detail.

## 1. Set up

In Chapter 2, you learned to create a _contract abstraction_.  However, a _contract abstraction_, as its name says, is just an abstraction. In order to actually interact with our smart contract, we have to create a _JavaScript_ object that will act as an **instance** of the contract. Continuing our example with `myAwesomeContract`, we can use the _contract abstraction_ to initialize our instance like this:

```javascript
const contractInstance = await myAwesomeContract.new();
```

Good, so what's next?

Calling `createRandomZombie` requires us to pass it the zombie's name as a parameter. So, the next step would be to give a name to Alice's zombie. Something like “Alice’s Awesome Zombie”.

However, if we do this for each test, our code is not going to look pretty. A better approach is to initialize a global array as follows:

```javascript
const zombieNames = ["Zombie #1", "Zombie #2"];
```

And then, call the contract's methods like so:

```javascript
contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0]);
```

 >Note: Using an array to store zombies' names comes in handy if you want, for example, to write a test that creates 1000 zombies instead of just one or two😉.

# Put it to the test

We've gone ahead and initialized the `zombieNames` array for you.

1.  Let's create an instance of our contract. Declare a new `const` named `contractInstance`, and set it equal to the result of the `CryptoZombies.new()` function.

2.  If you've made it so far, you're nothing less than a **_Solidity Expert_**. So we're assuming that's enough to say this- `CryptoZombies.new()` "talks" to the blockchain. You should know how to call the function.

Commit message:

L10-12 Chinese translation (#437)
* Lesson 12 Chinese

* L10-11

* move zh-cn to it's own folder

Co-authored-by: Hank X <hank@momane.com>

en/11/04.md, after:

---
title: The First Test- Creating a New Zombie (cont'd)
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
    editor:
        language: javascript
        startingCode:
            "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
                const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
                const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];
                contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                    let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                    it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                        // start here
                    })
                })

        answer: >
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

            const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];

            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                    const contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                })
            })

---

Great job! Now that we have a shell for our first test, let me walk you through how testing works.

Usually, every test has the following phases:

 1. **_set up_**: in which we define the initial state and initialize the inputs.

 2. **_act_**: where we actually test the code. Always make sure you _test only one thing_.

 3. **_assert_:** where we check the results.

Lets look at what our test should do in some more detail.

## 1. Set up

In Chapter 2, you learned to create a _contract abstraction_.  However, a _contract abstraction_, as its name says, is just an abstraction. In order to actually interact with our smart contract, we have to create a _JavaScript_ object that will act as an **instance** of the contract. Continuing our example with `myAwesomeContract`, we can use the _contract abstraction_ to initialize our instance like this:

```javascript
const contractInstance = await myAwesomeContract.new();
```

Good, so what's next?

Calling `createRandomZombie` requires us to pass it the zombie's name as a parameter. So, the next step would be to give a name to Alice's zombie. Something like “Alice’s Awesome Zombie”.

However, if we do this for each test, our code is not going to look pretty. A better approach is to initialize a global array as follows:

```javascript
const zombieNames = ["Zombie #1", "Zombie #2"];
```

And then, call the contract's methods like so:

```javascript
contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0]);
```

 >Note: Using an array to store zombies' names comes in handy if you want, for example, to write a test that creates 1000 zombies instead of just one or two😉.

# Put it to the test

We've gone ahead and initialized the `zombieNames` array for you.

1. Let's create an instance of our contract. Declare a new `const` named `contractInstance`, and set it equal to the result of the `CryptoZombies.new()` function.

2. `CryptoZombies.new()` "talks" to the blockchain. This means that it's an asynchronous function. Let's add the `await` keyword before the function call.
