en/11/05.md, before:

---
title: 第一个测试 —— 创建新僵尸（续）
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
    editor:
        language: javascript
        startingCode:
            "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
                const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
                const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];
                contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                    let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                    it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                        const contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                        // start here
                    })
                })
        answer: >
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

            const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];

            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                    const contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                    assert.equal(result.logs[0].args.name,zombieNames[0]);
                })
            })
---
现在我们的僵尸已经列队准备就绪，进入下一个阶段吧…… 🧟🧟🧟🧟🧟🧟

## 2. 行动

我们已经可以调用为 Alice 创建新僵尸的函数 —— `createRandomZombie`。

但是有一个小问题 —— 我们如何让这个方法“知道”谁在调用它？换句话说 —— 我们如何确保 Alice（而不是 Bob）成为这个新僵尸的主人? 🧐

呃…… _合约抽象_ 能解决这个问题。_Truffle_ 的一个特性就是它封装了 _Solidity_ 原始实现，并允许我们通过传递地址作为参数来指定函数调用的地址。

以下调用 `createRandomZombie` 并 `msg.sender` 设置为 Alice 的地址:

```javascript
const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
```

那我问你：你知道 `result` 中存储了什么吗?

好了，我来解释下。

#### 日志和事件

在使用 `artifacts.require` 指定了我们要测试的合约后，_Truffle_ 就会自动提供我们智能合约产生的日志。这意味着我们现在可以这样来检索 Alice 的新僵尸名字：`result.logs[0].args.name`。用类似的方式，我们还可以获得其 `id` 和`_dna`。

除了这些信息外，`result` 还将为我们提供关于事务的其他一些有用细节:
- `result.tx`: 事务哈希
- `result.receipt`: 包含事务收据的对象。如果 `result.receipt.status` 的值是 `true`， 表示事务成功。否则，就意味着事务失败。


>注意：还可以选择日志来存储数据。优点是很低廉，缺点是无法从智能合约内部对其进行访问。

## 3. 断言

在本章中，我们将使用内置的断言模块，该模块附带一组断言函数，如 `equal()` 和 `deepEqual()`。简单地说，这些函数检查条件并在结果不符合预期时报错。因为我们将比较简单值，所以我们将运行 `assert.equal()`。

# 实战演习

让我们来完成第一个测试。


1.  声明一个名为 `result` 的 `const` ，并将它赋值为 `contractInstance.createRandomZombie` 的结果，以僵尸的名字和主人作为参数。

2.  有了 `result` 之后，使用两个参数调用 `assert.equal` —— `result.receipt.status` 和 `true`。

如果以上条件为 true，我们可以假定我们的测试已通过。为了安全起见，我们再加一层检查。

3.   在下一行中，检查 `result.logs[0].args.name` 是否等于 `zombieNames[0]`。像上面一样使用 `assert.equal`。

现在，可以运行`truffle test` 了，看看我们第一个测试是否会通过。方式是，_Truffle_ 只检查 _"test"_ 目录并执行它在其中找到的文件。


实上，我们已经为你做好了。输出会是这样的:

```bash
Contract: CryptoZombies
    ✓ should be able to create a new zombie (323ms)


  1 passing (768ms)
```

这就是你的第一个测试 —— 完成得很好！后面还有几节课，继续下节吧……

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/11/05.md, after:

---
title: The First Test- Creating a New Zombie (cont'd)
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
    editor:
        language: javascript
        startingCode:
            "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
                const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
                const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];
                contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                    let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                    it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                        const contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                        // start here
                    })
                })
        answer: >
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

            const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];

            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                    const contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                    assert.equal(result.logs[0].args.name,zombieNames[0]);
                })
            })
---
Now that we've got our ducks -ahem zombies- in row, let's move forward to the next phase... 🧟🦆‍🧟🦆🧟🦆‍🧟🦆🧟🦆‍🧟🦆

## 2. Act

We've reached the part where we're going to be calling the function that creates a new zombie for Alice- `createRandomZombie`.

But there's a slight problem- how can we make it so the method "knows" who calls it? Another way to put it would be- how can we make sure Alice (and not Bob) is going to be the owner of this new zombie?🧐

Well... the problem is solved with the _contract abstraction_. One of the features of _Truffle_ is that it wraps the original _Solidity_ implementation and lets us specify the address that makes the function call by passing that address as an argument.

The following calls `createRandomZombie` and makes sure `msg.sender` is set to Alice's address:

```javascript
const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
```

Now I have a quick question for you: do you know what gets stored in `result`?

Well, let me explain.

#### Logs and Events

Once we specified the contract we wanted to test using `artifacts.require`, _Truffle_  automatically provides the logs generated by our smart contract. What this means is that we can now retrieve the `name` of Alice's newly created zombie using something like this: `result.logs[0].args.name`. In a similar fashion, we can get the `id` and the `_dna`.

Besides these bits of information, `result` is going to be giving us several other useful details about the transaction:

- `result.tx`: the transaction hash
- `result.receipt`: an object containing the transaction receipt. If `result.receipt.status` is equal to ` true` it means that the transaction was successful. Otherwise, it means that the transaction failed.

>Note: Note that logs can also be used as a much cheaper option to store data. The downside is that they can't be accessed from within the smart contract itself.

## 3. Assert

In this chapter we will be using the built-in assertion module which comes with a set of assertion functions such as `equal()` and `deepEqual()`. Simply put, these functions check the condition and `throw` an error if the result is not as expected. Since we will be comparing simple values, we are going to be running `assert.equal()`.

# Put it to the test

Let's finish off our first test.

1.  Declare a `const` named `result`, and set it equal to the result of `contractInstance.createRandomZombie` with the zombie's name and the owner as arguments.

2.  Once we have the `result`, call `assert.equal` with two arguments- `result.receipt.status` and `true`.

If the above condition is true, we can assume that our test has been passed. Just to be safe, let's add in one more check while we're here.

3.  In the next line, check if `result.logs[0].args.name` equals to `zombieNames[0]`. Use `assert.equal`, just like we did above.

Now, it is time to run `truffle test` and see if our first test passes. The way this works is that _Truffle_ will just inspect the _"test"_ directory and execute the files it finds there.

Actually, we've gone ahead and did that for you. The output should look something like this:

```bash
Contract: CryptoZombies
    ✓ should be able to create a new zombie (323ms)


  1 passing (768ms)
```

This concludes your very first test - well done! There are several more to come, so let's get going on the next lesson...
