en/11/10.md, before:

---
title: ERC721 代币转移 —— 两步场景
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: javascript
    startingCode:
        "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
            const utils = require("./helpers/utils");
            const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];
            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                let contractInstance;
                beforeEach(async () => {
                    contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                });
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                    assert.equal(result.logs[0].args.name,zombieNames[0]);
                })
                it("should not allow two zombies", async () => {
                    await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    await utils.shouldThrow(contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: alice}));
                })
                context("with the single-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                    it("should transfer a zombie", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        assert.equal(newOwner, bob);
                    })
                })
                xcontext("with the two-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                    it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        // start here
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        assert.equal(newOwner,bob);
                    })
                    it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm", async () => {
                        // TODO: Test the two-step scenario.  The owner calls transferFrom
                     })
                })
            })
        "test/helpers/utils.js": |
            async function shouldThrow(promise) {
            try {
                await promise;
                assert(true);
            }
            catch (err) {
                return;
            }
            assert(false, "The contract did not throw.");

            }

            module.exports = {
                shouldThrow,
            };

    answer: >
        const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

        const utils = require("./helpers/utils");

        const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];

        contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
            let [alice, bob] = accounts;
            let contractInstance;
            beforeEach(async () => {
                contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
            });
            it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                assert.equal(result.logs[0].args.name,zombieNames[0]);
            })
            it("should not allow two zombies", async () => {
                await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                await utils.shouldThrow(contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: alice}));
            })
            context("with the single-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                it("should transfer a zombie", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    assert.equal(newOwner, bob);
                })
            })
            context("with the two-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: bob});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    assert.equal(newOwner,bob);
                })
                xit("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm", async () => {
                    // TODO: Test the two-step scenario.  The owner calls transferFrom
                 })
            })
        })
---

用 `approve` 后面跟着 `transferFrom` 的方式来转移代币可没那么简单，不过别担心，我会帮你的。

简而言之，我们得测试两个不同的场景：

- Alice 批准 Bob 拿走 ERC721 代币。然后，Bob（**批准的地址**）调用 `transferFrom`。

- Alice 批准 Bob 拿走 ERC721 代币。接下来，Alice 转移 ERC721 代币。

这两种场景的区别在于 _**谁**_ 来调用实际的转移，是 Alice 还是 Bob。

这样解释就还蛮简单的，对吧？

来看下第一个场景。

## Bob 调用 transferFrom

该场景步骤如下:
- Alice 创建一个新僵尸，然后调用 `approve`。
- 接下来，Bob 运行 `transferFrom`，这会让他成为该 EC721 代币的主人。
- 最后，我们得以 `newOwner` 和 `bob` 作为参数调用 `assert.equal`。

# 实战演习

1. 测试前两行代码与之前测试类似。我们已经帮你把它们复制粘贴好了。

2. 接下来，为了批准 Bob 拿走该 ERC721 代币，调用 `approve()`。该函数以 `bob` 和 `zombieId` 为参数。另外，确保 Alice 调用该方法（毕竟要转移可是她的 ERC721 代币）。

3. 最后三行代码与之前的测试**非常相似**。我们再一次帮你把它们复制粘贴好了。来更新下 `transferFrom()` 函数调用，以便发送方是 Bob。

4. 最后，“不跳过”这个场景并“跳过”最后一个测试用例，即我们仍需要编写的测试用例。

可以运行 `truffle test` 了，看看我们的测试是否能通过:

```bash
Contract: CryptoZombies
    ✓ should be able to create a new zombie (218ms)
    ✓ should not allow two zombies (175ms)
    with the single-step transfer scenario
      ✓ should transfer a zombie (334ms)
    with the two-step transfer scenario
      ✓ should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm (360ms)
      - should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm


  4 passing (2s)
  1 pending
```

很棒！继续下一个测试吧。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/11/10.md, after:

---
title: ERC721 Token Transfers- Two Step Scenario
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: javascript
    startingCode:
        "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
            const utils = require("./helpers/utils");
            const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];
            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                let contractInstance;
                beforeEach(async () => {
                    contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                });
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                    assert.equal(result.logs[0].args.name,zombieNames[0]);
                })
                it("should not allow two zombies", async () => {
                    await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    await utils.shouldThrow(contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: alice}));
                })
                context("with the single-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                    it("should transfer a zombie", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        assert.equal(newOwner, bob);
                    })
                })
                xcontext("with the two-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                    it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        // start here
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        assert.equal(newOwner,bob);
                    })
                    it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm", async () => {
                        // TODO: Test the two-step scenario.  The owner calls transferFrom
                     })
                })
            })
        "test/helpers/utils.js": |
            async function shouldThrow(promise) {
            try {
                await promise;
                assert(true);
            }
            catch (err) {
                return;
            }
            assert(false, "The contract did not throw.");

            }

            module.exports = {
                shouldThrow,
            };

    answer: >
        const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

        const utils = require("./helpers/utils");

        const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];

        contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
            let [alice, bob] = accounts;
            let contractInstance;
            beforeEach(async () => {
                contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
            });
            it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                assert.equal(result.logs[0].args.name,zombieNames[0]);
            })
            it("should not allow two zombies", async () => {
                await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                await utils.shouldThrow(contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: alice}));
            })
            context("with the single-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                it("should transfer a zombie", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    assert.equal(newOwner, bob);
                })
            })
            context("with the two-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: bob});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    assert.equal(newOwner,bob);
                })
                xit("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm", async () => {
                    // TODO: Test the two-step scenario.  The owner calls transferFrom
                 })
            })
        })
---

Now, the `approve` followed by `transferFrom` way to transfer ERC721 tokens is far from being a walk in the park but I'm here to help.

In a nutshell, we have to test two different scenarios:

- Alice approves Bob to take the ERC721 token. Then, Bob (the **approved address**) calls `transferFrom`.

- Alice approves Bob to take the ERC721 token. Next, Alice transfers the ERC721 token.

The difference in the two scenarios lies with _**who**_ calls the actual transfer, Alice or Bob.

We've made it look simple, right?

Let's take a look at the first scenario.

## Bob calls transferFrom

The steps for this scenario are as follows:

- Alice creates a new ERC721 token and then calls `approve`.
- Next, Bob runs `transferFrom` which should make him the owner of the EC721 token.
- Finally, we have to call `assert.equal` with `newOwner` and `bob` as parameters.

# Put it to the test

1. The first two lines of code of our test are similar to the previous test. We've gone ahead and copy-pasted them for you.

2. Next, in order to have Bob approved to take the ERC721 token, call `approve()`. The function takes `bob` and `zombieId` as parameters. Also, make sure that Alice calls the method (since it's her ERC721 token that will be transferred).

3. The last three lines of code are **almost similar** to the previous test. Again, we've gone ahead and copy-pasted them for you. Let's update the `transferFrom()` function call so that the sender is Bob.

4. Lastly, let's "unskip" this scenario and "skip" the last test case, the one that we still have to code.

Time to run `truffle test` and see if our test passes:

```bash
Contract: CryptoZombies
    ✓ should be able to create a new zombie (218ms)
    ✓ should not allow two zombies (175ms)
    with the single-step transfer scenario
      ✓ should transfer a zombie (334ms)
    with the two-step transfer scenario
      ✓ should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm (360ms)
      - should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm


  4 passing (2s)
  1 pending
```

Awesome! Now, let's move to the next test.
