en/11/13.md, before:

---
title: 用 Chai 进行语义更丰富的断言
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: javascript
    startingCode:
        "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
            const utils = require("./helpers/utils");
            const time = require("./helpers/time");
            //TODO: import expect into our project
            const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];
            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                let contractInstance;
                beforeEach(async () => {
                    contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                });
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    //TODO: replace with expect
                    assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                    assert.equal(result.logs[0].args.name,zombieNames[0]);
                })
                it("should not allow two zombies", async () => {
                    await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    await utils.shouldThrow(contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: alice}));
                })
                context("with the single-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                    it("should transfer a zombie", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        //TODO: replace with expect
                        assert.equal(newOwner, bob);
                    })
                })
                context("with the two-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                    it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: bob});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        //TODO: replace with expect
                        assert.equal(newOwner,bob);
                    })
                    it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        //TODO: replace with expect
                        assert.equal(newOwner,bob);
                     })
                })
                it("zombies should be able to attack another zombie", async () => {
                    let result;
                    result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const firstZombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: bob});
                    const secondZombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await time.increase(time.duration.days(1));
                    await contractInstance.attack(firstZombieId, secondZombieId, {from: alice});
                    //TODO: replace with expect
                    assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                })
            })

        "test/helpers/utils.js": |
            async function shouldThrow(promise) {
            try {
                await promise;
                assert(true);
            }
            catch (err) {
                return;
            }
            assert(false, "The contract did not throw.");

            }

            module.exports = {
                shouldThrow,
            };
        "test/helpers/time.js": |
            async function increase(duration) {

                //first, let's increase time
                await web3.currentProvider.sendAsync({
                    jsonrpc: "2.0",
                    method: "evm_increaseTime",
                    params: [duration], // 86400 seconds in a day
                    id: new Date().getTime()
                }, () => {});

                //next, let's mine a new block
                web3.currentProvider.send({
                    jsonrpc: '2.0',
                    method: 'evm_mine',
                    params: [],
                    id: new Date().getTime()
                })

            }

            const duration = {

                seconds: function (val) {
                    return val;
                },
                minutes: function (val) {
                    return val * this.seconds(60);
                },
                hours: function (val) {
                    return val * this.minutes(60);
                },
                days: function (val) {
                    return val * this.hours(24);
                },
            }

            module.exports = {
                increase,
                duration,
            };

    answer: >
        const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

        const utils = require("./helpers/utils");

        const time = require("./helpers/time");

        var expect = require('chai').expect;

        const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];

        contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
            let [alice, bob] = accounts;
            let contractInstance;
            beforeEach(async () => {
                contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
            });
            it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                expect(result.receipt.status).to.equal(true);
                expect(result.logs[0].args.name).to.equal(zombieNames[0]);
            })
            it("should not allow two zombies", async () => {
                await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                await utils.shouldThrow(contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: alice}));
            })
            context("with the single-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                it("should transfer a zombie", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    expect(newOwner).to.equal(bob);
                })
            })
            context("with the two-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: bob});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    expect(newOwner).to.equal(bob);
                })
                it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    expect(newOwner).to.equal(bob);
                 })
            })
            it("zombies should be able to attack another zombie", async () => {
                let result;
                result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                const firstZombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: bob});
                const secondZombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                await time.increase(time.duration.days(1));
                await contractInstance.attack(firstZombieId, secondZombieId, {from: alice});
                expect(result.receipt.status).to.equal(true);
            })
        })
---
到目前为止，我们一直使用内置的`断言`模块来编写断言。虽然还不错，但是这个`断言`模块有一个大的弊端 —— 代码不易读。幸好，还有几个更好的断言模块，`Chai` 就是其中最好的一个。

## Chai 断言库

`Chai` 非常强大，对本课来说，我们只会用到一点皮毛。学完本课后，你也可以查看<a href=" https://www.chaijs.com/guide/" target=_blank>他们的指南</a>，以进一步拓展知识。

来看看 `Chai` 中的三种断言样式:

-   _expect_: 让你可以链接自然语言断言，如下所示:

    ```javascript
    let lessonTitle = "Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle";
    expect(lessonTitle).to.be.a("string");
    ```

-   _should_: 许使用与 `expect` 接口类似的断言，但是该链以 `should` 属性开始：

    ```javascript
    let lessonTitle = "Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle";
    lessonTitle.should.be.a("string");
    ```

-   _assert_: 提供一个类似于 node.js 打包的符号，包括几个额外的测试，且与浏览器兼容:

   ```javascript
   let lessonTitle = "Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle";
   assert.typeOf(lessonTitle, "string");
   ```

在本章中，我们将向你展示如何使用 `expect` 来改进你的断言。

>注意：我们假设 `chai` 包已经安装到你的电脑上了。如果没有，很容易就能安装：`npm -g install chai`

为了使用 `expect` 样式，我们首先要做的是将它导入到我们的项目中，如下所示:

```javascript
var expect = require('chai').expect;
```

## expect().to.equal()

现在我们已经将 `expect` 导入到我们的项目中，检查两个字符串是否相等如下所示：

```javascript
let zombieName = 'My Awesome Zombie';
expect(zombieName).to.equal('My Awesome Zombie');
```

话不多说，来好好利用下 `Chai` 的超能力吧！

# 实战演习

1.  将 `expect` 移植到我们的项目中。

2.  用 `zombieName` 继续上面的例子，我们可以使用 `expect` 来为一个成功的事务测试，如下所示:

```javascript
expect(result.receipt.status).to.equal(true);
```
我们可以这样来查看 Alice 是否有僵尸：

```javascript
expect(zombieOwner).to.equal(alice);
```

1.  用 `expect` 来替换所有的 `assert.equal`。为了便于查找，我们在代码中留下了一些注释。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/11/13.md, after:

---
title: More Expressive Assertions with Chai
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: javascript
    startingCode:
        "test/CryptoZombies.js": |
            const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");
            const utils = require("./helpers/utils");
            const time = require("./helpers/time");
            //TODO: import expect into our project
            const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];
            contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
                let [alice, bob] = accounts;
                let contractInstance;
                beforeEach(async () => {
                    contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
                });
                it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    //TODO: replace with expect
                    assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                    assert.equal(result.logs[0].args.name,zombieNames[0]);
                })
                it("should not allow two zombies", async () => {
                    await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    await utils.shouldThrow(contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: alice}));
                })
                context("with the single-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                    it("should transfer a zombie", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        //TODO: replace with expect
                        assert.equal(newOwner, bob);
                    })
                })
                context("with the two-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                    it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: bob});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        //TODO: replace with expect
                        assert.equal(newOwner,bob);
                    })
                    it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm", async () => {
                        const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                        const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                        await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                        const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                        //TODO: replace with expect
                        assert.equal(newOwner,bob);
                     })
                })
                it("zombies should be able to attack another zombie", async () => {
                    let result;
                    result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const firstZombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: bob});
                    const secondZombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await time.increase(time.duration.days(1));
                    await contractInstance.attack(firstZombieId, secondZombieId, {from: alice});
                    //TODO: replace with expect
                    assert.equal(result.receipt.status, true);
                })
            })

        "test/helpers/utils.js": |
            async function shouldThrow(promise) {
            try {
                await promise;
                assert(true);
            }
            catch (err) {
                return;
            }
            assert(false, "The contract did not throw.");

            }

            module.exports = {
                shouldThrow,
            };
        "test/helpers/time.js": |
            async function increase(duration) {

                //first, let's increase time
                await web3.currentProvider.sendAsync({
                    jsonrpc: "2.0",
                    method: "evm_increaseTime",
                    params: [duration], // there are 86400 seconds in a day
                    id: new Date().getTime()
                }, () => {});

                //next, let's mine a new block
                web3.currentProvider.send({
                    jsonrpc: '2.0',
                    method: 'evm_mine',
                    params: [],
                    id: new Date().getTime()
                })

            }

            const duration = {

                seconds: function (val) {
                    return val;
                },
                minutes: function (val) {
                    return val * this.seconds(60);
                },
                hours: function (val) {
                    return val * this.minutes(60);
                },
                days: function (val) {
                    return val * this.hours(24);
                },
            }

            module.exports = {
                increase,
                duration,
            };

    answer: >
        const CryptoZombies = artifacts.require("CryptoZombies");

        const utils = require("./helpers/utils");

        const time = require("./helpers/time");

        var expect = require('chai').expect;

        const zombieNames = ["Zombie 1", "Zombie 2"];

        contract("CryptoZombies", (accounts) => {
            let [alice, bob] = accounts;
            let contractInstance;
            beforeEach(async () => {
                contractInstance = await CryptoZombies.new();
            });
            it("should be able to create a new zombie", async () => {
                const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                expect(result.receipt.status).to.equal(true);
                expect(result.logs[0].args.name).to.equal(zombieNames[0]);
            })
            it("should not allow two zombies", async () => {
                await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                await utils.shouldThrow(contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: alice}));
            })
            context("with the single-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                it("should transfer a zombie", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    expect(newOwner).to.equal(bob);
                })
            })
            context("with the two-step transfer scenario", async () => {
                it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the approved address calls transferForm", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: bob});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    expect(newOwner).to.equal(bob);
                })
                it("should approve and then transfer a zombie when the owner calls transferForm", async () => {
                    const result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                    const zombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                    await contractInstance.approve(bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    await contractInstance.transferFrom(alice, bob, zombieId, {from: alice});
                    const newOwner = await contractInstance.ownerOf(zombieId);
                    expect(newOwner).to.equal(bob);
                 })
            })
            it("zombies should be able to attack another zombie", async () => {
                let result;
                result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[0], {from: alice});
                const firstZombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                result = await contractInstance.createRandomZombie(zombieNames[1], {from: bob});
                const secondZombieId = result.logs[0].args.zombieId.toNumber();
                await time.increase(time.duration.days(1));
                await contractInstance.attack(firstZombieId, secondZombieId, {from: alice});
                expect(result.receipt.status).to.equal(true);
            })
        })
---
Until now, we've been using the built-in `assert` module to write our assertions. While not bad, the `assert` module has a major drawback- the code doesn't read well. Fortunately, there are several better assertion modules out there, and `Chai` is one of the best.

## Chai Assertion Library

`Chai` is very powerful and, for the scope of this lesson, we're just going to scratch the surface. Once you've finished this lesson, feel free check out <a href=" https://www.chaijs.com/guide/" target=_blank>their guides</a> to further your knowledge.

That said, let's take a look at the three kinds of assertion styles bundled into `Chai`:

-   _expect_: lets you chain natural language assertions as follows:

    ```javascript
    let lessonTitle = "Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle";
    expect(lessonTitle).to.be.a("string");
    ```

-   _should_: allows for similar assertions as `expect` interface, but the chain starts with a `should` property:

    ```javascript
    let lessonTitle = "Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle";
    lessonTitle.should.be.a("string");
    ```

-   _assert_: provides a notation similar to that packaged with node.js and includes several additional tests and it's browser compatible:

   ```javascript
   let lessonTitle = "Testing Smart Contracts with Truffle";
   assert.typeOf(lessonTitle, "string");
   ```

In this chapter, we are going to show you how to improve your assertions with `expect`.

>Note: We're assuming the `chai` package is already installed on your computer. If that's not the case, you can easily install it like so: `npm -g install chai`


In order to use `expect` style, the first thing we should do is to import it into our project as follows:

```javascript
var expect = require('chai').expect;
```

## expect().to.equal()

Now that we've imported the `expect` into our project, checking if two strings are equal would look like below:

```javascript
let zombieName = 'My Awesome Zombie';
expect(zombieName).to.equal('My Awesome Zombie');
```

Enough talking. Let's put `Chai`'s powers to some good use!

# Put it to the test

1.  Import `expect` into our project.

2.  Continuing the above example with `zombieName`, we can use `expect` to test for a succesfull transaction as follows:

```javascript
expect(result.receipt.status).to.equal(true);
```
And we can check if Alice owns a zombie like this:

```javascript
expect(zombieOwner).to.equal(alice);
```

1.  Replace all occurences of `assert.equal` with `expect`. We've left a bunch of comments in the code to make them easy to find.
