en/10/01.md, before:

---
title: 简介
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `npm install truffle -g`.
    commands:
        "npm install truffle -g":
          hint: npm install truffle -g
          output: |
            /usr/local/bin/truffle -> /usr/local/lib/node_modules/truffle/build/cli.bundled.js
            + truffle@4.1.14
            added 81 packages from 311 contributors in 5.104s
---

如果你是刚来 **CryptoZombies**，强烈建议你先学习前六课，再开始这一课的学习。请先花点时间熟悉智能合约的编写。否则，会很难跟上这一课。

## 缺失的一部分

你已经坚持学完了我们前面的课程，真棒！这意味着你差不多掌握了 DApp 构建术。

但还差很重要的一部分。

没错……你还需要学下如何**_将智能合约部署到以太坊_**。

如果你有前端开发的背景，你可能已经习惯了众多的工具，如 *Webpack、Gulp、Browserify*，它们确实让开发过程变得简单很多。

那 `Solidity` 开发者使用什么工具呢?

## Truffle

`Truffle` 成为最流行的区块链开发框架，它当之无愧 —— 因为它有很多很有用的特性:

- 轻松编译智能合约
- ABI 自动生成
- 集成智能合约测试 —— 甚至支持 `Mocha` 和``Chai`！
- 支持多个网络。代码可以部署到 Rinkeby、**_以太坊_**、甚至 **Loom**。 后面我们也会带你了解 😉

如果你的电脑上已经安装了 `npm` 和 `node`，我们希望你安装 `Truffle` 并设置为全球模式。

# 实战演习

我们从基础开始。打开一个新的终端窗口，创建一个名为 `CryptoZombie` 的目录，然后再创建 `cd` 放入其中。

1. 现在，来安装 `truffle` 并设置为全球模式。

 >注意：以下是如何使用 `npm` 来安装包，并让其全局可见:

 ```bash
 npm install package_name -g
 ```

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/10/01.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `npm install truffle -g`.
    commands:
        "npm install truffle -g":
          hint: npm install truffle -g
          output: |
            /usr/local/bin/truffle -> /usr/local/lib/node_modules/truffle/build/cli.bundled.js
            + truffle@4.1.14
            added 81 packages from 311 contributors in 5.104s
---

If you're new to **CryptoZombies**, it's highly recommended that you go over the first six lessons before starting this one. Please take the time to get familiar with writing a smart contract. Otherwise, it will be quite hard to follow this lesson.

## The Missing Piece

So you've worked your way through our previous lessons. Awesome! This means you've almost mastered the art of building DApps.

But an important piece of the puzzle is still missing.

That's right... you still have to learn how to **_deploy a smart contract_**.

Now, if you have a background in front-end development, you are probably well accustomed to the multitude of tools like *Webpack, Gulp, or Browserify* that make a developer's life simpler.

But what tools do **Solidity** developers use?

## Truffle

**_Truffle_** is the most popular blockchain development framework for good reason - it's packed with lots of useful features:

- easy smart contract compilation
- automated ABI generation
- integrated smart contract testing - there's even support for **Mocha** and **Chai**!
- support for multiple networks - code can be deployed to Rinkeby, **_Ethereum_** or even to **_Loom_**. We'll walk you through this later😉

Provided that `npm` and `node` have been installed on your computer, we'll want you to install **Truffle** and make it available globally.

# Put It to the Test

We'll start with the basics. Fire up a new terminal window, create a directory called `CryptoZombies`, and `cd` into it.

1. Now, let's install **Truffle** and make it available globally.

 >Note: Here's how you can use `npm` to install a package and make it available globally:

 ```bash
 npm install package_name -g
 ```
