en/10/02.md, before:

---
title: 开始使用 Truffle
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
        help: |
            First, you should probably run `truffle init`. Next, execute `npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider`
        commands:
            "truffle init":
                hint: truffle init
                output: |
                    Downloading...
                    Unpacking...
                    Setting up...
                    Unbox successful. Sweet!

                    Commands:

                        Compile:        truffle compile
                        Migrate:        truffle migrate
                        Test contracts: truffle test
            "npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider":
                hint: npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider
                output: |
                  + truffle-hdwallet-provider@0.0.6
                  added 1 package from 1 contributor and audited 71402 packages in 5.612s
                  found 0 vulnerabilities
---

既然已经安装了 **Truffle**，现在就可以通过运行 `Truffle init` 来初始化我们的新项目了。它所做的就是创建一组文件夹和配置文件，其结构如下:

```
├── contracts
    ├── Migrations.sol
├── migrations
    ├── 1_initial_migration.js
└── test
truffle-config.js
truffle.js
```

合约、迁移、测试…… 看起来很复杂吧 😟

别担心，学习使用 **Truffle** 不会用掉太多脑细胞哒。本章将带你了解 **Truffle** 的默认项目结构，等你知道如何使用 **Truffle** 后，部署智能合约就是小菜一碟了。

## Truffle 的默认目录结构

在 `CryptoZombies` 目录里，`truffle init` 会创建几个目录以及一些 JavaScript 和 Solidity 文件。让我们仔细看看:

 - **_contracts_**: **Truffle** 会在在这里找到我们所有的智能合约。为了保持代码有序，我们甚至可以创建诸如 `contracts/tokens` 之类的嵌套文件夹。很简洁吧 😉。
 >注意: `truffle init` 会自动添加一个叫 `Migrations.sol` 的合约以及相应的迁移文件。后面我们会对其进行解释。

 - **_migrations_**: 迁移是一个 JavaScript 文件，它告诉 `truffle` 如何部署智能合约。

 - **_test_**: 这里我们会放单元测试，它们是 JavaScript 或 Solidity 文件。请记住，合约一旦部署，就不能再更改，因此在部署之前对智能合约进行测试是非常重要的。

 - **_truffle.js_** 和 **_truffle-config.js_**: 这些是配置文件，用于存储部署所需的网络设置。**Truffle** 需要两个配置文件，因为 Windows 上 `truffle.js` 和 `truffle.exe` 存在于同一个文件夹可能会产生冲突。长话短说 —— 如果你在运行 Windows，建议你删除 `truffle.js` 并使用 `truffle-config.js` 作为默认配置文件。查看 **Truffle** 的<a href="https://truffleframework.com/docs/truffle/reference/configuration" target=_blank>官方文件</a>，以进一步了解。


但是我为什么要使用这个目录结构呢？我不太习惯，而且它看起来很复杂……

嗯，原因有好几个。首先，如果你更改了这些文件夹的名称，**Truffle** 将无法正常运行。


其次，通过遵守此规范，你的项目将很容易被其他开发人员理解。简而言之，如果后面你的团队扩大或有什么变动，使用标准的文件夹结构和代码规范将让事情变得简单。

## truffle-hdwallet-provider

在本课中，我们将使用 _Infura_ 来把代码部署到 **_以太坊_**。这样，我们的用户便可以直接运行该应用程序，他们无需设置自己的 **_以太坊_** 节点或钱包。然而，为了保证安全，_Infura_ 不管理私钥，这也意味着它不能代表我们签署事务易。由于部署智能合约需要 **Truffle**  签署事务，所以我们将需要一个叫做 `truffle-hdwallet-provider` 的工具。它惟一的目的就是处理事务签名。

>注意: 也许你会问，为什么我们不在上一章安装 `truffle-hdwallet-provider`, 使用像下面这样的命令：

 ```JavaScript
 npm install truffle truffle-hdwallet-provider -g
 ```
 
 嗯… `truffle init` 命令期望找到一个空目录。如果有任何文件在那里，它就会出错，因此我们需要按照正确的顺序来做，运行 `truffle init` 之后再安装 `truffle-hdwallet-provider`。


# 实战演习:

1. 运行 `truffle init`. 这个命令生成我们讨论过的那个目录结构。

2. 运行 `npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider`.

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/10/02.md, after:

---
title: Getting Started with Truffle
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
        help: |
            First, you should probably run `truffle init`. Next, execute `npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider`
        commands:
            "truffle init":
                hint: truffle init
                output: |
                    Downloading...
                    Unpacking...
                    Setting up...
                    Unbox successful. Sweet!

                    Commands:

                        Compile:        truffle compile
                        Migrate:        truffle migrate
                        Test contracts: truffle test
            "npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider":
                hint: npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider
                output: |
                  + truffle-hdwallet-provider@0.0.6
                  added 1 package from 1 contributor and audited 71402 packages in 5.612s
                  found 0 vulnerabilities
---

Now that we've installed  **Truffle**, it's time to initialize our new project by running `truffle init`. All it is doing is to create a set of folders and config files with the following structure:

```
├── contracts
    ├── Migrations.sol
├── migrations
    ├── 1_initial_migration.js
└── test
truffle-config.js
truffle.js
```

Contracts, migrations, tests... this is pretty complicated😟

Don't worry, learning to use **Truffle** won't eat your brains. This chapter will walk you through **Truffle**'s default project structure, and once you know how to use **Truffle**, deploying smart contracts will be a breeze.

## Truffle's Default Directory Structure

So, running the `truffle init` command inside of the `CryptoZombies` directory, should create several directories and some JavaScript and Solidity files. Let's have a closer look:

 - **_contracts_**: this is the place where **Truffle** expects to find all our smart contracts. To keep the code organized, we can even create nested folders such as `contracts/tokens`. Pretty neat😉.

 >Note: `truffle init` should automatically create a contract called `Migrations.sol` and the corresponding migration file. We'll explain them a bit later.

 - **_migrations_**: a migration is a JavaScript file that tells **Truffle** how to deploy a smart contract.

 - **_test_**: here we are expected to put the unit tests which will be JavaScript or Solidity files. Remember, once a contract is deployed it can't be changed, making it essential that we test our smart contracts before we deploy them.

 - **_truffle.js_** and **_truffle-config.js_**: config files used to store the network settings for deployment. **Truffle** needs two config files because on Windows having both `truffle.js` and `truffle.exe` in the same folder might generate conflicts. Long story short - if you are running Windows, it is advised to delete `truffle.js` and use `truffle-config.js` as the default config file. Check out **Truffle**'s <a href="https://truffleframework.com/docs/truffle/reference/configuration" target=_blank>official documentation</a> to further your understanding.


But why should I use this directory structure? I'm not used to it and it looks complicated...

Well, there's are a few good reasons. First, **Truffle** will not work as expected if you change the names of these folders.

Second, by adhering to this convention your projects will be easily understood by other developers. To put it short, using a standard folder structures and code conventions make it easier if you expand or change your team in the future.

## truffle-hdwallet-provider

In this lesson, we will be using _Infura_ to deploy our code to **_Ethereum_**. This way, we can run the application without needing to set up our own **_Ethereum_** node or wallet.
However, to keep things secure, _Infura_ does not manage the private keys, which means it can't sign transactions on our behalf. Since deploying a smart contract requires **Truffle** to sign transactions, we are going to need a tool called `truffle-hdwallet-provider`. Its only purpose is to handle the transaction signing.

>Note: Maybe you are asking why we chose not to install `truffle-hdwallet-provider` in the previous chapter using something like:

 ```JavaScript
 npm install truffle truffle-hdwallet-provider
 ```
 
Well... the `truffle init` command expects to find an empty directory. If there's any file there, it will error out. Thus, we need to do everything in the correct order and install `truffle-hdwallet-provider` after we run `truffle init`.


# Put it to the test:

1. Run `truffle init`. This command generates the directory structure that we've discussed.

2. Run `npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider`.
