en/10/03.md, before:

---
title: 编译源代码
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `truffle compile`.
    commands:
        "truffle compile":
            hint: truffle compile
            output: |
                Compiling ./contracts/Migrations.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/CryptoZombies.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/erc721.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/ownable.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/safemath.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombieattack.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombiefactory.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombiefeeding.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombiehelper.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombieownership.sol...
                Writing artifacts to ./build/contracts
---

恭喜！我们已经准备好了项目结构，也设置好了 `truffle-hdwallet-provider`，现在来编译我们的合约吧。

你会问，为什么我们需要编译？

_以太坊虚拟机_ 不能直接理解我们写的 Solidity 源代码。因此，我们需要运行一个编译器，将智能合约“翻译”成机器可读的 **_bytecode_** （字节码）。然后，虚拟机执行字节码，并完成智能合约所需的操作。

好奇字节码长什么样？来看看：

```
"0x60806040526010600155600154600a0a6002556201518060035566038d7ea4c6800060085560006009556046600a55336000806101000a81548173ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff021916908373ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff1..."
```

如你所见，这对人类来说简直就是天书！

## 使用 Solidity 编译器

既然我们在讨论 Solidity 编译器，我们应该提到开发人员成功加入了些超棒的特性。

假设我们想要修改包含在  `SafeMath` 中 `add` 函数的定义:

```
function add(uint16 a, uint16 b) internal returns (uint16) {
    uint16 c = a + b;
    assert(c >= a);
    return c;
}
```

如果我们要编译这个函数，Solidity 编译器会给出 **_警告_**:

```
safemath.sol:110:11: Warning: Function state mutability can be restricted to pure
          function add(uint16 a, uint16 b) internal returns (uint16) {
          ^ (Relevant source part starts here and spans across multiple lines).
```

编译器试图说明，我们的函数不会读/写到区块链，我们应该使用 `pure` 修改器。

意义何在？

嗯，使函数 `pure` 或 `view` 会节省我们的 gas。由于这些函数不会修改区块链的状态，所以不需要矿工来执行它们。简而言之，`pure` 和 `view` 函数可以免费调用。


## CryptoZombies - 游戏

记住，我们已经将我们的逻辑嵌入到一个名为 `ZombieOwnership.sol` 的智能合约中了。

额…… 可这名字不太适合游戏。

幸好，这不是问题。我们可以使用继承来创建一个具有相同动作和特性的智能合约，并且可以任意命名。

让我们创建一个名为 `CryptoZombies` 的新智能合约，它继承自 `ZombieOwnership.sol`:

```solidity
pragma solidity ^0.4.24;

import "./zombieownership.sol";

contract CryptoZombies is ZombieOwnership
    {

    }
```

接下来，我们将所有智能合约复制到 `./contracts` 文件夹中。现在的项目结构应该是这样的:

```
.
├── contracts
    ├── Migrations.sol
    ├── CryptoZombies.sol
    ├── erc721.sol
    ├── ownable.sol
    ├── safemath.sol
    ├── zombieattack.sol
    ├── zombiefactory.sol
    ├── zombiefeeding.sol
    ├── zombiehelper.sol
    ├── zombieownership.sol
├── migrations
└── test
```

一切就绪。开始编译项目吧。

# 实战演习:

1. 执行 `truffle compile`。该命令会创建构建工件，并将它们放在 `./build/contracts`  目录中。

 >注意: 构建工件由这些组成：智能合约的“字节码”版本、ABI 以及 Truffle 用来正确部署代码的一些内部数据。避免编辑这些文件，否则 Truffle 可能无法正常运行。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/10/03.md, after:

---
title: Compiling the Source Code
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `truffle compile`.
    commands:
        "truffle compile":
            hint: truffle compile
            output: |
                Compiling ./contracts/Migrations.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/CryptoZombies.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/erc721.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/ownable.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/safemath.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombieattack.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombiefactory.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombiefeeding.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombiehelper.sol...
                Compiling ./contracts/zombieownership.sol...
                Writing artifacts to ./build/contracts
---

Congratulations! Now that we've put the project structure in place and set up `truffle-hdwallet-provider`, let's compile our contracts.

Why do we need to compile, you ask?

The _Ethereum Virtual Machine_ can't directly understand Solidity source code as we write it. Thus, we need to run a compiler that will "translate" our smart contract into machine-readable **_bytecode_**. The virtual machine then executes the bytecode, and completes the actions required by our smart contract.

Curious about how does the bytecode look like? Let's take a look:

```
"0x60806040526010600155600154600a0a6002556201518060035566038d7ea4c6800060085560006009556046600a55336000806101000a81548173ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff021916908373ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff1..."
```

As you can see, a human is about as likely to be able to read bytecode as a real life zombie!

## Using the Solidity Compiler

Now that we're talking about the Solidity compiler, we should mention that the devs managed to bake in some nifty features.

Let's pretend we'd want to modify the definition of the `add` function included in `SafeMath`:

```
function add(uint16 a, uint16 b) internal returns (uint16) {
    uint16 c = a + b;
    assert(c >= a);
    return c;
}
```

If we're going to compile this function, the Solidity compiler will throw a **_warning_**:

```
safemath.sol:110:11: Warning: Function state mutability can be restricted to pure
          function add(uint16 a, uint16 b) internal returns (uint16) {
          ^ (Relevant source part starts here and spans across multiple lines).
```

What the compiler is trying to say is that our function does not read or write from/to the blockchain and that we should use the `pure` modifier.

Why is this important?

Well, making a function `pure` or `view` saves us gas. Since these functions are not going to modify the state of the blockchain, there is no need for miners to execute them. To put it in a few words, `pure` and `view` functions can be `call`ed for free.


## CryptoZombies- The Game

Remember, we've embedded our logic in a smart contract called `ZombieOwnership.sol`.

Hmmm... not a great name for a game.

Fortunately, this isn't a problem. We can use inheritance to create a smart contract with the same actions and features with whatever name we choose.

Let's create a new smart contract named `CryptoZombies` that inherits from `ZombieOwnership.sol`:

```solidity
pragma solidity ^0.4.24;

import "./zombieownership.sol";

contract CryptoZombies is ZombieOwnership
    {

    }
```

Next, we copied all our smart contracts into the `./contracts` folder. Now the project structure should look like this:

```
.
├── contracts
    ├── Migrations.sol
    ├── CryptoZombies.sol
    ├── erc721.sol
    ├── ownable.sol
    ├── safemath.sol
    ├── zombieattack.sol
    ├── zombiefactory.sol
    ├── zombiefeeding.sol
    ├── zombiehelper.sol
    ├── zombieownership.sol
├── migrations
└── test
```

Everything is set up properly. Let's compile our project.

# Put it to the test:

1. Execute `truffle compile`. This command should create the build artifacts and place them in the `./build/contracts` directory.

 >Note: The build artifacts are comprised of the "bytecode" versions of the smart contracts, ABIs, and some internal data **Truffle** is using to correctly deploy the code. Avoid editing these files, or **Truffle** might stop working correctly.
