en/10/06.md, before:

---
title: 部署我们的智能合约
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `truffle migrate --network rinkeby`.
    commands:
        "truffle migrate --network rinkeby":
            hint: truffle migrate --network rinkeby
            output: |
                Using network 'rinkeby'.

                Running migration: 1_initial_migration.js
                Deploying Migrations...
                ... 0xfc34bb95778e4bd53b80c6b705e5df6e753b1accecc38cfd35cb02c0e37ee223
                Migrations: 0x9aba355cd9e68758c7bd9f1e58f911e0479fd29c
                Saving successful migration to network...
                ... 0x485c7e8096d61a8a1e3efa8d9f5c675b707ca7580ecdb46a307b11146351fc9d
                Saving artifacts...
                Running migration: 2_crypto_zombies.js
                Deploying CryptoZombies...
                ... 0xeed64afd64669674d0bc5a68e8c1f86a620d4bd338a652fc42f54353a252d07c
                CryptoZombies: 0xccdfdc3d7e002965843d52e610370e8d29d5737f
                Saving successful migration to network...
                ... 0xdcb1e77f4c1b3982bb15b10bec69bdafbc88fd4ea0b868971e850b02875de68e
                Saving artifacts...
---

很棒！最困难的部分已经完成了 —— 实际上部署到 Rinkeby 会很简单。为了做到这一点，**truffle** 依赖于一个叫“迁移”的东西。

# 迁移

听起来好像迁移涉及很多东西，但实际上，迁移只不过是一个 JavaScript 文件，它告诉 **Truffle** 如何修改智能合约的状态。

显然，第一个迁移只部署智能合约。其他一些迁移会部署新版本的代码来添加特性或修复 bug。

简而言之，迁移提供了一种方便的办法来跟踪你对代码所做的更改。

如果你想要部署多个合约，则必须为每个合约创建单独的迁移文件。迁移总是按1、2、3的顺序执行。

在本节课中，我们将只部署到 Rinkeby。部署到主网将需要真金白银来支付 gas，而且一旦部署将无法修改代码。因此，最好先部署到 Rinkeby，然后对代码进行全面测试。

## 获取一些 Ether

在进行部署之前，请确保你的帐户中有足够的 Ether。获取测试用的 Ether 最简单的方法是通过一个叫 `faucet` 的服务。我们建议在 Rinkeby 上运行 <a href="https://faucet.rinkeby.io/" target=”_blank”>Authenticated Faucet</a>。按照指示做，几分钟后你的地址就会有一些 Ether 了。

# 实战演习

1. 现在一切都设置好了，可以部署到 Rinkeby 了。要做到这一点，在右边的终端运行 `truffle migrate --network rinkeby`。注意看迁移是如何按顺序执行的 😉。

 >注意：`truffle deploy` 只是 `truffle migrate` 的别名。但是，由于我们的命令行解释器非常基础，除非你使用 `migrate`，否则它会认为答案错误。

部署到主网一点也不复杂。智能合约完成测试后，你只需要运行 `truffle migrate --network mainnet`。别忘了你得付 gas！我们相信你能做到。

如果一切顺利，你会看到一个类似于右边的回应。

Commit message:

move zh-cn to it's own folder

en/10/06.md, after:

---
title: Deploying Our Smart Contract
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    help:
      You should probably run `truffle migrate --network rinkeby`.
    commands:
        "truffle migrate --network rinkeby":
            hint: truffle migrate --network rinkeby
            output: |
                Using network 'rinkeby'.

                Running migration: 1_initial_migration.js
                Deploying Migrations...
                ... 0xfc34bb95778e4bd53b80c6b705e5df6e753b1accecc38cfd35cb02c0e37ee223
                Migrations: 0x9aba355cd9e68758c7bd9f1e58f911e0479fd29c
                Saving successful migration to network...
                ... 0x485c7e8096d61a8a1e3efa8d9f5c675b707ca7580ecdb46a307b11146351fc9d
                Saving artifacts...
                Running migration: 2_crypto_zombies.js
                Deploying CryptoZombies...
                ... 0xeed64afd64669674d0bc5a68e8c1f86a620d4bd338a652fc42f54353a252d07c
                CryptoZombies: 0xccdfdc3d7e002965843d52e610370e8d29d5737f
                Saving successful migration to network...
                ... 0xdcb1e77f4c1b3982bb15b10bec69bdafbc88fd4ea0b868971e850b02875de68e
                Saving artifacts...
---

Great! That was the difficult part — actually deploying to Rinkeby is going to be straightforward. To do this, **Truffle** relies on something called a **_migration_**.

# Migrations

It sounds like a migration involves a lot of stuff moving around, but in practice, a migration is nothing more than a JavaScript file that tells **Truffle** how to modify the state of our smart contracts.

Obviously, the first migration will just deploy the smart contract. Some other migrations deploy a new version of the code to add features or fix bugs.

In a nutshell, migrations provide a convenient way to keep track of the changes you make to your code.

If you want to deploy more than one contract, a separate migration file must be created for each contract. Migrations are always executed in order- 1,2,3, etc.

In this lesson, we will deploy only to Rinkeby. Deployment to the main net would require real money to pay for the gas and, once deployed, we won't be able to modify the code. Hence, it's best to deploy to Rinkeby first, and thoroughly test the code.

## Get some Ether

Before doing the deployment, make sure there is enough Ether in your account. The easiest way to get Ether for testing purposes is through a service known as a `faucet`. We recommend the <a href="https://faucet.rinkeby.io/" target=”_blank”> Authenticated Faucet</a> running on Rinkeby. Follow the instructions, and within a few minutes, your address will be credited with some Ether.

# Put it to the test

1. Now that everything is set up, it's time to deploy to Rinkeby. To do so, run `truffle migrate --network rinkeby` in the terminal to the right. Note how migrations are being executed in order😉.

 >Note: `truffle deploy` is just an alias for `truffle migrate`. However, since our command-line interpreter is pretty basic, it won't consider the answer correct unless you're using `migrate`.

Deployment to the main net is not complicated at all. Once the smart contract is tested, you'll only have to run: `truffle migrate --network mainnet`. Don't forget that you'll have to pay for gas! We trust you'll be able to do it.

If everything goes well, you're going to see a response that's similar to the one to the right.
