---
title: Contracts and Inheritance
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: sol
    startingCode:
      "contracts/src/Royalties.sol": |

        // Start here

    answer: |

      pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/common/ERC2981.sol";
      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721URIStorage.sol";

      contract Royalties is ERC721URIStorage, ERC2981 {
      }
---

Now that you've set up the project, let's delve into the world of blockchain development! In this chapter, we'll explore the concepts of contracts and inheritance.

## Contracts

A contract is the fundamental building block of applications — all variables and functions belong to a contract, and this will be the starting point of all your projects.

## Inheritance

Inheritance is like having a magical family tree for your smart contracts. Imagine your smart contract as a wizard trying to cast spells and perform extraordinary feats. But why limit yourself to just one set of magical powers when you can inherit the mystical abilities of your ancestors? Inheritance allows your smart contracts to borrow powers and functionalities from other contracts, just like a magical heir inheriting the powers of their wizard ancestors. You can create a hierarchy of contracts where the child contract inherits properties and behaviors from its parent contract. It's like having a family of contracts, each passing down their unique spells.

## Putting it all Together

To bring external contracts or libraries into the current contract's scope, you must first use the `import` statement. This allows you to access and use the functionality and data structures defined in the imported contracts. Next, you must use the `is` keyword to inherit properties and functions from the imported contracts.

Here's an example of using the `import` statement and the `is` keyword:

**ContractA.sol**:

```sol
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

contract ContractA {
    function getMessage() public pure returns (string memory) {
        return "Hello from ContractA";
    }
}
```

**ContractB.sol**:

```sol
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

contract ContractB {
    function getMessage() public pure returns (string memory) {
        return "Hello from ContractB";
    }
}
```

**MyAwesomeContract.sol:**

```sol
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

import "./ContractA.sol";
import "./ContractB.sol";

contract MyAwesomeContract is ContractA, ContractB {
    function getMessages() public pure returns (string memory, string memory) {
      // Do Something
    }
}
```

Note the following about this example:

- `ContractA.sol` defines a contract named `ContractA` with a function `getMessage()` that returns a message specific to `ContractA`.
- `ContractB.sol` defines a contract named `ContractB` with a function `getMessage()` that returns a message specific to `ContractB`.
- `MyAwesomeContract.sol` imports both `ContractA.sol` and `ContractB.sol` using two separate import statements: `import "./ContractA.sol"`; and `import "./ContractB.sol"`;.
- `MyAwesomeContract` inherits from both `ContractA` and `ContractB` using the `is` keyword: `contract MyContract is ContractA, ContractB`.
- `MyAwesomeContract` defines a function named `getMessages()` that performs your custom logic. For example, among other things, it can call the `getMessage` function of `ContractA` or `ContractB`.

To build an NFT smart contract with royalties, you must start by importing the following contracts:

- `@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721URIStorage.sol`: ERC721URIStorage is an extension of the ERC721 standard that adds support for storing and managing token metadata, such as the URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) associated with each token.
- `@openzeppelin/contracts/token/common/ERC2981.sol`: ERC2981 is an Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP) that introduces a standard interface for NFTs with royalty support. This contract provides the necessary functions and events to implement royalty functionality in an ERC721 token contract.

Once you've imported them, you smart contract must inherit from them.

## Putting it to the Test

1. At the top of the file, declare the version of Solidity this code should use: `pragma solidity ^0.8.0;`. This is to prevent issues with future compiler versions potentially introducing changes that would break your code.
2. Import Open Zeppelin's implementation of `ERC2981` and `ERC721URIStorage`. As our code checker is quite basic, ensure you're importing them in this specific order.
3. Declare a new contract named `Royalties` that inherits from `ERC721URIStorage` and `ERC2981`.

