---
title: Constructors
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: sol
    startingCode:
      "contracts/src/Royalties.sol": |

        pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

        import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/common/ERC2981.sol";
        import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721URIStorage.sol";

        contract Royalties is ERC721URIStorage, ERC2981 {

          // Start here

        }

    answer: |

      pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/common/ERC2981.sol";
      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721URIStorage.sol";

      contract Royalties is ERC721URIStorage, ERC2981 {
        constructor(string memory _name, string memory _symbol) ERC721(_name, _symbol) {
        }
      }
---

In Solidity, a constructor is a special function that is automatically executed only once during the contract's deployment. Its primary role is to initialize the state variables of the contract and perform any necessary setup or configuration. In our case, it has two to do two simple things:

  - Invoke the constructor of the ERC721 contract we’re inheriting from, passing it the name and the symbol.
  - Set the default royalty

The syntax for declaring a constructor looks something like this:

```sol
contract ParentContract {
  uint256 public parentData;
  constructor(uint256 _data) {
    parentData = _data;
  }
}
```

Now, if you create a contract named `ChildContract` that inherits from `ParentContract` the constructor could look like this:

```sol
contract ChildContract is ParentContract {
  uint256 public childData;
  constructor(uint256 _parentData, uint256 _childData) ParentContract(_parentData) {
    childData = _childData;
  }
}
```

In this example, the `ChildContract` inherits from the `ParentContract` and calls its constructor with an argument. Here's a breakdown of the code:

- The `ParentContract` has a constructor that takes a single argument `_data` and initializes the `parentData` state variable with that value.
- The `ChildContract` extends the `ParentContract` and introduces its own state variable `childData`.
- The constructor of the `ChildContract` takes two arguments: `_parentData` and `_childData`. It calls the constructor of the `ParentContract` using `ParentContract(_parentData)`. This ensures that the `parentData` state variable in the `ParentContract` is initialized with the provided `_parentData` value.
- After calling the parent constructor, the `childData` state variable of the `ChildContract` is initialized with the value `_childData`.

## Putting it to the Test

1. Create a constructor that takes two parameters: `_name` and `_symbol`. Both parameters are of type `string memory`. Note that `memory` is a keyword used to specify that the data resides in temporary memory and is only available during the execution of this function.
2. Your constructor should call the constructor of the `ERC721` contract passing it the same two parameters - `_name` and `_memory`. Check out the example above if you can't remember the syntax.


