---
title: Specifying the Default Royalty
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: sol
    startingCode:
      "contracts/src/Royalties.sol": |

        pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

        import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/common/ERC2981.sol";
        import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721URIStorage.sol";

        contract Royalties is ERC721URIStorage, ERC2981 {

          // 1 . Add `_feeNumerator` as the third parameter
          constructor(string memory _name, string memory _symbol) ERC721(_name, _symbol) {
          // 2. Call the `_setDefaultRoyalty` function.
          }

        }

    answer: |

      pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/common/ERC2981.sol";
      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721URIStorage.sol";

      contract Royalties is ERC721URIStorage, ERC2981 {
        constructor(string memory _name, string memory _symbol, uint96 _feeNumerator) ERC721(_name, _symbol) {
          _setDefaultRoyalty(msg.sender, _feeNumerator);
        }
      }
---

In this chapter, we'll look into how you can set the royalty. Before we delve into this, it's worth mentioning the following about the ERC-2981 standard:

- It allows NFTs that support ERC-721 to have a standardized way of signalling royalty information.
- Marketplaces that support the standard must implement some method of transferring royalties to the royalty recipient.
- Royalty amounts are always a percentage of the sale price.
- The ERC-2981 standard is not aware of the unit of exchange for the sale and royalty payment, meaning that marketplaces must pay the royalty in the same unit of exchange as that of the sale price.
- The formula for calculating the royalty payment is as follows: `Royalty Payment = (Sale Price * Royalty Amount) / Fee Denominator`, where the fee denominator defaults to 10000 and fees are expressed in basis points.

That being said, the OpenZeppelin implementation of the ERC-2981 standard provides two functions for setting the royalties: `_setDefaultRoyalty` and `_setTokenRoyalty`. Let's take a closer look at what these functions do:

 - `_setDefaultRoyalty` sets the default royalty percentage that applies to all tokens within the contract. It takes two arguments: the address of the recipient for whom the default royalty percentage is being set and the default royalty amount (fee numerator) to be assigned to the recipient, expressed in basis points.

 - `_setTokenRoyalty` sets the royalty rate for an individual token within the contract. It allows you to customize the royalty rates on a per-token basis, overriding the default royalty rate set by `_setDefaultRoyalty`. It takes two arguments: the address of the receiver, and the fee numerator.

Let's make it so that the constructor invokes the `_setDefaultRoyalty` to specify the default royalty. We'll look later into how royalties for individual tokens can be set.

## Putting it to the Test

1. Add a third parameter named `_feeNumerator` of type `uint96` to the constructor.
2. The body of the constructor should invoke the `_setDefaultRoyalty`, passing `msg.sender` and `_feeNumerator` as parameters.

>Note: In Solidity, `msg.sender` is a special global variable that represents the address of the sender of the current function call or transaction.
