---
title: Using the Counters Library
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: true
material:
  editor:
    language: sol
    startingCode:
      "contracts/src/Royalties.sol": |

        pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

        import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/common/ERC2981.sol";
        import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721URIStorage.sol";

        //1. Import the `Counters` library

        contract Royalties is ERC721URIStorage, ERC2981 {

          // 2. Apply the functionalities of the `Counters` library to the `Counters.Counter` data type.
          // 3. Declare the `_tokenIdsTracker` variable

          constructor(string memory _name, string memory _symbol, uint96 _feeNumerator) ERC721(_name, _symbol) {
            _setDefaultRoyalty(msg.sender, _feeNumerator);
          }
        }

    answer: |

      pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/common/ERC2981.sol";
      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721URIStorage.sol";
      import "@openzeppelin/contracts/utils/Counters.sol";

      contract Royalties is ERC721URIStorage, ERC2981 {
        using Counters for Counters.Counter;
        Counters.Counter private _tokenIdsTracker;
        constructor(string memory _name, string memory _symbol, uint96 _feeNumerator) ERC721(_name, _symbol) {
          _setDefaultRoyalty(msg.sender, _feeNumerator);
        }
      }
---

NFTs differ from fungible tokens in that each NFT is unique, whereas fungible tokens are interchangeable.

Each NFT represents a distinct item or asset, such as a piece of artwork, a collectible, or a unique digital asset. NFTs possess distinct characteristics, properties, or metadata that set them apart from one another.

That being said, each NFT should be identified by a unique identifier to differentiate and identify each individual token

The `Counters` library from OpenZeppelin provides safe and secure methods for managing counters in Solidity contracts.

While Solidity has made significant improvements to handle underflows and overflows with more safety measures, the OpenZeppelin `Counters` library still serves an essential purpose in smart contract development. Here are a few reasons why the `Counters` library is relevant:

- **Simplicity and Readability**: It provides a clean and straightforward way to manage and manipulate numerical values, that offers easy-to-understand functions like `increment` and `decrement` that enhance code readability and reduce the risk of errors.
- **Intention Clarity**: By using the `Counters` library, you can explicitly convey your intentions to other developers and auditors. It helps to avoid confusion and ensures that the intended behavior is clear.
- **Compatibility with Older Code**: While version 0.8 of Solidity has improved its handling of underflows and overflows, existing smart contracts might still rely on older versions. The `Counters` library provides a backward-compatible solution for managing counters in such cases.
- **Standardized Approach**: OpenZeppelin's Counters library has become a widely-used industry standard for managing counter-like variables in smart contracts. Adopting this library promotes consistency and best practices across the ecosystem, making code more maintainable and secure.


To use the `Counters` library you must follow the steps below:

1. Import the `@openzeppelin/contracts/utils/Counters.sol` library.
2. To make the code more concise and readable, we would want you to use a feature named `using`, which allows you to directly access and utilize the functions provided by the library within your contract.

  The following example code declares a variable named `myCounter` using the `Counters` library. This variable will be used to track and manage the counter's value.

  ```sol
  using Counters for Counters.Counter;
  Counters.Counter private myCounter;
  ```

  You can now perform various operations on the counter such as incrementing, decrementing, or accessing its current value, as shown below:

  ```sol
  function incrementCounter() external {
    myCounter.increment(); // Increment the counter by 1
  }

  function decrementCounter() external {
      myCounter.decrement(); // Decrement the counter by 1
  }

  function getCounterValue() external view returns (uint256) {
      return myCounter.current(); // Retrieve the current value of the counter
  }
  ```

Theory is great, but now it's time to get our hands dirty in the code box to the right!

## Putting it to the Test

1. Import the `Counters` library.
2. Apply the functionalities of the `Counters` library to the `Counters.Counter` data type.
3. Declare a `private` variable named `_tokenIdsTracker` of type `Counters.Counter`.
