---
title:  Let’s talk to zkSync
actions: ['checkAnswer', 'hints']
requireLogin: false
material:
  editor:
    language: JavaScript
    startingCode:
      "src/utils.js": |
        // Start here
    answer: |
      async function getZkSyncProvider (zksync, networkName) {
        let zkSyncProvider
        try {
          zkSyncProvider = await zksync.getDefaultProvider(networkName)
        } catch (error) {
          console.log('Unable to connect to zkSync.')
          console.log(error)
        }
        return zkSyncProvider
      }
---

Now that you've initialized a new Node.js project and installed the required dependencies, it's time to peek into how zkSync works.

zkSync makes use of something called **zk-SNARKs** which stands for... "Zero-knowledge succinct non-interactive arguments of knowledge".

If that sounds like gibberish to you, you're not alone. Keep reading and we'll shed some light on what this means.

## Zero-knowledge proofs

Without delving too much into details, a zero-knowledge proof allows Alice  (called the prover) to prove to Bob (called the verifier) that she knows something to be true, without conveying any other information.

For example, with zk-SNARK, Bob learns that Alice has more than 0.5 ETH in her account, but Bob can't extract any other knowledge from the proof that Alice presents.

Armed with this knowledge, let's dive in a bit deeper and get more technical.

zkSync relies on a smart contract deployed to the Ethereum network to hold all assets, while most computations are performed off-chain.
Every time you sign a transaction, the protocol submits it to operators who roll up multiple transactions (potentially thousands) into a block, and compute the following:

* cryptographic commitment (root hash)
* cryptographic proof (the SNARK)
* state ∆, representing a small amount of data for each transaction

All this stuff is then sent to the smart contract running on the Ethereum network. This enables an interested party to reconstruct the state at any given point in time.

The SNARK verification is significantly cheaper than verifying every transaction individually, and storing the state off-chain is also much cheaper than storing it in EVM.

This enables a boost in scalability and transaction cost savings.

>☞ It's outside the scope of this lesson to delve into details about how zk-SNARK works under the hood. Once you've finished this lesson, feel free to check out the <a href="https://medium.com/@imolfar/why-and-how-zk-snark-works-1-introduction-the-medium-of-a-proof-d946e931160" target=_blank>Why and How zk-SNARK Works</a> Medium series to further your knowledge.

## Create a provider

Before you interact with zkSync, you must create something called a `provider`. A provider works like a bridge that makes JavaScript function calls compatible with **zkSync**. The beauty of it is that, to use it, you don't have to understand how it works under the hood.

## Put it to the test

In this lesson, you'll create two Node.JS applications- `alice.js` and `bob.js`, and most of the logic will be shared by both apps. How can you make it so that you won't write the same code twice? To avoid that, you would want to create a separate file where all this common logic lives. We've gone ahead and created a shell of a JavaScript file called `utils.js` for you. Let's fill it in.

1. In the tab to the right, create an `async` function called `getZkSyncProvider`. It takes two parameters:
  * `zksync`: An object that points to the zkSync JavaScript module
  * `networkName`: A string that specifies the network your application connects to.

  Don't worry about these variables now, we'll get to them later.
2. The first line of the function should use the `let` keyword to declare a variable called `zkSyncProvider`.
3. Next, your function should create a new provider. But the code for creating a new provider could fail and `throw` an error. To prevent your application from crashing and spitting out a stack trace, you'll have to wrap everything inside a `try/catch` statement as follows:

    ```JavaScript
    try {
      // Initialize the provider
    } catch (error) {
      // Display an error message
    }
    ```
4. Inside the `try` block, your function should set `zkSyncProvider` to `await zksync.getDefaultProvider`. The function takes one parameter- `networkName`.
5. Inside the `catch` block, paste the following two lines of code:
    ```JavaScript
    console.log('Unable to connect to zkSync.')
    console.log(error)
    ```
   Remember that these lines of code are executed only if an exception is thrown in the `try` block!
6. Let's now write the last line of your function. Outside of the `try/catch` block, simply `return zkSyncProvider`.
