---
title: Checking transaction went through
actions:
  - 'checkAnswer'
  - 'hints'
requireLogin: true
material:
  terminal:
    prompt: ">libra%"
    help:
      - You should probably run `account list`.
      - You should probably run `query sequence`.
    commands:
      "account list":
        hint: account list
        output: |
          User account index: 0, address: dbbd9db9fe80ce2d1e8c9166bdda2dfc6c2defe25042e11e14958d64604cfd82, sequence number: 0, status: Local
          User account index: 1, address: 771bf474bb2db506e187f0756b464a3e28896efa2516867ea001187d7c174066, sequence number: 1, status: Local
      "query sequence 1":
        hint: query sequence 1
        output: |
          Sequence number is: 1
---

We can query the sequence number to see if it's been sent to the validators, because the sequence number should increase by 1.

We can do it in two ways: query the state of your accounts or query just the sequence number for a particular account:

```
>libra% account list
```

```
>libra% query sequence  0
```

We can use this command to see what the sequence number is. If a transaction goes through the sequence number should increase by 1.

# Finality and blockchains

If the sequence number has gone up, does it mean we succeeded? No, because the transaction could've got lost due to bad network connection, or not enough gas or other errors, but even if there was no errors, at what point is it safe to say it's confirmed?

Let's look at the VISA network, which has a host of participants, including the payment processors and a network of banks. Transactions can be disputed at any step and thus require days to fully process. And sometimes transactions will be disputed days, if not months after the fact.

Finality is not always instant on a blockchain. Older networks tend to use *Probabilistic finality* which means that with each block created, the probability of changing the past decreases because it's much much harder. This is why depositing Bitcoins or Ethereum often requires waiting 10, 20, 50 blocks (depending on how much risk the receiver is willing to accept). Newer networks like Libra or our own Basechain have instant finality because they're the result of a vote.

# Put it to the test

Check that the Hero account has a sequence number of 1 using both methods.

When you're finished, click "check answer" below. 
